
 
https://www.quotientsciences.com
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events
Events | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Events Schedule a meeting with our scientific experts at an upcoming industry or Quotient Sciences event. Home Events Live Webinar CMC Strategies to Manage the Risks Associated with Accelerated Submission Pathways 30 May 2024 Register Today! 1 - 10 of 14 results Tradeshow & Conference Bio Integrates 2024 Cambridge, UK | 15 May 2024 Learn more Tradeshow & Conference DDF Europe 2024 Berlin, Germany | 21 May 2024 - 23 May 2024 Learn more Tradeshow & Conference Psychedelic Therapeutics & Drug Development Conference Boston, MA, United States | 23 May 2024 - 24 May 2024 Learn more Live Seminar Rationalizing the Preclinical-Clinical Hurdle – How to Overcome the Toxicology Exposure Challenge Basel, Switzerland | 28 May 2024 Learn more Live Webinar CMC Strategies to Manage the Risks Associated with Accelerated Submission Pathways 30 May 2024 Learn more Tradeshow & Conference BIO International 2024 San Diego, CA, USA | 3 June 2024 - 6 June 2024 Learn more Live Webinar Psychedelics Drug Development: Navigating the Science, Regulatory & Outsourcing Landscape 4 June 2024 Learn more Live Seminar Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics Cambridge, MA, United States | 6 June 2024 Learn more Live Seminar Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics Gaithersburg, MD, United States | 12 June 2024 Learn more Live Seminar Oxford Drug Development Workshop Oxfordshire | 13 June 2024 Learn more Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Next page Next › Last page Last » Learn more about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Contact us to schedule a meeting at an upcoming event. Contact Us Latest News Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations
Discover Our Global Locations | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Our Global Locations Explore our drug development, manufacturing & clinical facilities. Watch video Loading... What We Do Home About Us Locations Where to find us We operate from a number of state-of-the-art drug development manufacturing and clinical facilities in the U.S. and U.K. Our global teams, at all locations, are closely integrated to provide the most appropriate solutions for our customers projects. Together, our teams develop project plans that make best use of our resources, taking in to account all your requirements. If you are a customer or have questions about our services, contact our scientific experts today. Facility Capabilities Alnwick, UK Acquired in 2021, our Alnwick facility has seen a substantial expansion of its drug substance API manufacturing capabilities. Learn More Edinburgh, UK Edinburgh is our dedicated Data Sciences center where we analyze and report customers' clinical trial data, fast. Learn More Nottingham, UK Our corporate headquarters, Nottingham, UK has been home to Quotient Sciences since 1990. Alongside corporate functions, we have a large clinical faci... Learn More Miami, FL, USA Our Miami location is a dedicated, state-of-the-art, 144-bed, clinical pharmacology facility. Learn More Boothwyn, Philadelphia, PA, USA Boothwyn, located near Philadelphia, offers customers seamless scale-up to late-phase manufacturing and commercial product supply. Learn More Garnet Valley, Philadelphia, PA, USA Garnet Valley was built in response to increasing demand for our early-phase formulation development and clinical trial manufacturing services. Learn More Reading, UK In 2022, Reading completed an expansion of its early development and manufacturing facility. This doubled our formulation development and analytical f... Learn More Capabilities Our global facilities include two clinical pharmacology units, two purpose-built pharmaceutical development and manufacturing sites. Learn More Learn more about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/careers
Careers | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Careers at Quotient Sciences Be part of our mission to bring molecules to cures Browse Jobs Why choose a career with Quotient Sciences? Quotient Sciences is a growing business, where we encourage innovation and continuous improvement. Every person counts and teamwork is key to our success. Learn more about why you should choose a career with us. Learn More Browse Jobs Meet our team Insight into what it’s like to be a Data Scientist at Quotient Sciences Read More Life at Quotient Sciences We want our people to make their mark, challenge themselves, and achieve more than they ever thought possible. Learn what it's like to work at Quotient Sciences, right from the people that know us best. Read Colleague Stories Browse Jobs Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Diversity, equity and inclusion are cornerstone values and guiding principles on which we aim to build our teams, cultivate our leaders, and foster a collaborative environment. Learn More Join our team Browse open job opportunities at our global locations Apply today Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/volunteers
Volunteers | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Volunteer for a Clinical Trial Looking to take part in clinical trials? At Quotient Sciences we are always looking for volunteers. Home Volunteers Interested in becoming a volunteer? We truly appreciate your interest in contributing to the future of science and accelerating the delivery of new medicines to patients. At Quotient Sciences, we are building a culture of volunteer centricity that makes us the No.1 choice for volunteers wishing to take part in clinical trials. Our dedicated recruitment team ensures your comfort and safety during your participation. We pride ourselves on our altruistic approach that underpins everything we do. Volunteer satisfaction before, during and after a residential stay in our unit is our primary focus. Learn more about how you can volunteer for a clinical trial at one of our clinics. Volunteers as partners Our commitment to volunteers goes beyond other phase 1 units. Our volunteers as partners approach focuses on volunteer centricity at all stages of the journey with Quotient Sciences. We have formed a Volunteer Advocacy Panel consisting of active volunteers and dedicated staff members to ensure we are the number one choice for volunteers wishing to take part in clinical trials. This ensures that we continuously deliver an independent and volunteer-centric view of our processes and documentation, through feedback and open forums. We strive for: Improved volunteer satisfaction, resulting in a high proportion of repeat volunteers Excellent compliance and treatment adherence Clear and concise documentation that is well understood by our volunteers Excellent recruitment rates Enhanced volunteer retention on study Contact us to find out more about our Volunteer Advocacy Panel. Volunteer satisfaction is our primary focus. Before, during and after a residential stay, our primary focus is to ensure that volunteers are taken care of. Our dedicated recruitment team ensures your comfort and safety during your participation. We pride ourselves on our altruistic approach that underpins everything we do. More than three decades of experience in clinical trials Programs with leading pharmaceutical and biotech companies Over 1,300 clinical trials completed Nottingham, UK Address: Quotient Sciences - Nottingham Mere Way Ruddington Fields Ruddington, Nottingham NG11 6JS Call us: 0330 303 5000 Visit our website: weneedyou.co.uk Volunteer at Nottingham Miami, FL, USA Address: Quotient Sciences - Miami 747 Ponce De Leon Blvd Suite 700 Coral Gables, FL 33134 Call us: 305-646-6785 Visit our website: goparticipatenow.com Volunteer at Miami Are you a sponsor? Learn about our clinical pharmacology services & capabilities for first-in-human Phase I trials Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/contact-us
Contact Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Contact Us We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator who loves a challenge. How can we help you? If you are a new or existing customer with a question about our drug development and manufacturing services, please fill out the inquiry form below. You can call: UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 or US +1-800-769-3518 during business hours. For all other inquiries, visit Volunteers , Careers or Events to connect. What else can we help you with? You can call us during business hours: UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 or US +1-800-769-3518 . For all other inquiries, visit Volunteers , Careers , or Events to connect. Follow us on Linkedin . Discover Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about
About Us | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact About Us Accelerating drug development with a range of integrated CDMO/CRO services for over three decades, with experience on more than 3,000 molecules. Watch video Loading... What We Do Who are Quotient Sciences? Quotient Sciences has worked with customers as a trusted partner, providing contract research and manufacturing expertise across all stages of small molecule and synthetic peptide drug development for the last 30 years. Learn more about who we are and the value we bring, all driven by our mission to improve global health and bring molecules to cures, fast, for those in need. At a Glance Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Our Manifesto Science. Agility. Culture. Our foundational principles of science, agility and culture define Quotient Sciences and drive each of our team members to do what we do, in the way that we do it. Our Principles Careers at Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for drug development, Translational Pharmaceutics ® , has been proven to reduce time and cost for more than 15 years. Our Platform More about Quotient Sciences At A Glance We aim to accelerate drug development for our customers, providing uniquely integrated programs and a range of tailored services. Learn More Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast. Because humanity needs solutions. Fast. Where science and agility integrate, we cut through silos across a range of drug devel... Learn More Our Principles Science. Agility. Culture. Intertwined, these are the principles that define Quotient Sciences. They allow us to do what we do, which benefits you, ou... Learn More Customer Testimonials Learn about our customer successes, and how our global pharma and biotech customers trust our scientific expertise to deliver medicines to patients, f... Learn More Our Heritage Since 1990, Quotient Sciences has transformed into a renowned, global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. Learn More Diversity & Inclusion Learn more about DE&I at Quotient Sciences. Learn More Awards & Achievements We have an unswerving belief that humanity needs solutions, fast. We are proud to receive the recognition that helps our customers achieve their goals... Learn More Our Board of Directors Our leadership board of directors influences all aspects of the company. It is committed to our long-term ambitions while ensuring our people are supp... Learn More Ask The Experts Our scientific experts are here to help you with your drug development challenges. Learn More Locations Quotient Sciences operates from state-of-the-art manufacturing and clinical facilities in the U.S. and U.K. Learn More Translational Pharmaceutics® Our unique platform has been proven to accelerate drug development for over 15 years. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/glance
At A Glance | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact At a Glance We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. Watch video Loading... What We Do Home About Us At A Glance Who we are and what we do A global drug development and manufacturing accelerator Quotient Sciences supports customers across the entire drug development pathway. We've provided integrated contract research, development, and manufacturing services for many of the leading Fortune 100 global pharma and biotech companies, bringing deep expertise and trusted insight to every program. Our capabilities and services include: Drug substance development and manufacturing \- Comprehensive drug substance services that help reduce costs from preclinical to Phase I, including bioanalytical testing , GMP and non-GMP manufacturing , and isotopically labeled/14C materials manufacturing. Drug product development and manufacturing \- We're equipped to handle both simple, powder-in-capsule (PIC) and powder-in-bottle (PIB) formulations as well as more complex formulations, requiring modified release , solubility enhancement , and other technologies. Clinical trial manufacturing and clinical pharmacology \- We support real-time clinical manufacturing and supply for all phases of development. Our capabilities also include the ability to design and execute Phase I healthy volunteer clinical trials from our Miami, FL and Nottingham, UK clinics. Explore Our Services Explore Integrated Programs Quotient Sciences' Translational Pharmaceutics® platform A more streamlined and integrated approach to outsourcing that saves time and money. Learn More Global expertise in drug development From formulation development through to commercial manufacturing, we are drug development experts. We deliver integrated programs and a range of tailored services from state-of-the-art development, manufacturing and clinical testing facilities in the U.S. and U.K. Over the past three decades, we've worked with customers on over 3,000 molecules, across all stages of development. Browse Case Studies Read Customer Testimonials Leverage our scientific expertise for your next program Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Be part of our mission to bring new treatments to patients. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we are a trusted partner to the pharmaceutical industry. Make your mark at Quotient Sciences and help make a difference for global health. Careers at Quotient Sciences Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/manifesto
Our Manifesto | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Our Manifesto We are driven by the belief that humanity needs solutions, fast. Our Manifesto reflects our purpose, our focus, who we are and what we do. Watch video Loading... Our Principles Home About Us Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Where science and agility integrate and combine. We cut through silos across a range of drug development capabilities. Saving precious time and money in getting drugs to patients. Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, and molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Manifesto Story More about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Principles Science. Agility. Culture. Inseparable, intertwined, interdependent. Core principles that define us. Discover our principles Our Heritage Since 1990, we have transformed into a renowned, global drug development services provider. See Our Journey Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/testimonials
Customer Testimonials | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Customer Testimonials Our customers share their successes on partnering with us. Case Studies What We Do Home About Us Customer Testimonials A trusted partner to bring new treatments to market. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we have worked with countless, innovative businesses across the pharmaceutical industry for more than 30 years. We help turn our customers' incredible ideas into medicines of the future. We work as partners, with passion to get new treatments to those in need, fast. Ensysce Biosciences Quotient Sciences was approached by Dr. Lynn Kirkpatrick, CEO of Ensysce Biosciences, to help overcome formulation challenges with the development of a modified release product for PF614-MPAR, the company's leading product intended for the treatment of severe pain. "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product," said Lynn Kirkpatrick, CEO of Ensysce Biosciences. Read how the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform was used instead to help Ensysce Biosciences reduce their development timelines. Read Case Study Details of Phase I Study Endevica Bio "Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for." said Russell Potterfield, CEO of Endevica Bio, about his company's experience working with Quotient Sciences. Read Case Study Oxilio completes first clinical trial with OXL001 at Quotient Sciences - Nottingham "We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion." said Dr Simon Yaxley, Director at Oxilio, of working with Quotient Sciences on the delivery of OXL001. Read More More insight, direct from our customers: Evecxia Therapeutics "Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects." Evecxia Therapeutics Learn More Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau, Former Director, CMC Drug Substance BioCryst Pharmaceuticals "Quotient Sciences’ real-time manufacturing capabilities were a key factor in determining the speed at which this study could be concluded, offering the rare combination or GMP manufacturing and clinical administration on the same site, even for complex formulations and dosage forms. This allowed us to progress much faster." Dr. Phil Collis, Vice President Case Study MEI Pharma "Quotient Sciences has been a great partner to work with. Their project management was top-notch and costs remained within budget throughout our collaboration. Their scheduling and execution have been impeccable; the program has run like clockwork. As a client, you can’t really ask for more!" Dr. Ofir Moreno, Vice President Case Study Clinical Pharmacology Triplet Therapeutics "After taking everything into account - the manufacturing costs of a traditional CMO model, creating multiple lots of material that may never get used, etc. Quotient Sciences' Translational Pharmaceutics approach was a cost-effective option, especially when we took the additional cost of time saved into consideration." Former SVP, Development Operations Learn More Clinical Pharmacology MMV "We were impressed by how efficient Quotient Sciences team was to help us progress one of our key projects to a successful first in human study." Benoit Bestgen, Associate Director Clinical Pharmacology Druggability Technologies "Quotient Sciences has reduced our time-to-clinic and time-to-market. They understand the issues in drug development and have taken us from early stage to commercial in the most efficient way... Quotient Sciences have extensive knowledge beyond CDMO services, such as regulatory affairs, biopharmaceutics, and medical research. This means we can access skills that we don’t have internally." Gábor Heltovics, Former CEO Case Study Translational Pharmaceutics® Xspray Pharma "Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials... Everything ran very smoothly. We had a very good project manager who was on top of things all the time, and there were no hitches... I would say that Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials." Dr Andreas Konar, Senior Vice President Case Study Translational Pharmaceutics® Clovis Oncology "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straight-forward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read, Former Executive Vice President Case Study Explore Our Oncology Solutions Crinetics Pharmaceuticals "There is an art to the development of taste-masked oral products for pediatric indications. Quotient Sciences’ expertise in improving the taste, smell, and texture of oral formulations makes them the ideal partner for Crinetics’ pediatric clinical programs." R. Scott Struthers, PhD, Founder & CEO Learn More Solutions for Pediatrics Proveca "Quotient Sciences has worked with us on several pediatric projects and has been very effective in translating our product concepts into successful prototype formulations. We really appreciate the way they tune in to the broader, long-term objectives of our projects and are agile in delivering specific work packages that will contribute to the overall project’s success. They are skilled in applying their extensive technical expertise and understanding of the full pediatric pharma development process. Importantly, they are great at adapting to change and tenacious when it comes to problem-solving. They have proved to be an essential resource in developing our pediatric portfolio." Clare Geesen, Operations Manager Solutions for Pediatrics Corcept Therapeutics "The Phase I study of CORT125134 was contracted out to Quotient Sciences, largely due to Quotient Sciences’ ability to integrate manufacturing and dosing on the same site. Dosing decisions could be made very rapidly as soon as data from the previous cohort was available - there was no need to define and manufacture all the doses up front - minimizing delay." Hazel Hunt, Chief Scientific Officer Case Study Clinical Manufacturing Stealth BioTherapeutics "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia, Vice President Case Study Clinical Manufacturing Pulmatrix "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava, Chief Scientific Officer Case Study Clinical Manufacturing Synlogic, Inc "The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Former Chief Scientific Officer Clinical Manufacturing Go further with Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/heritage
Our Heritage | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience in drug development and manufacturing. Watch video Loading... What We Do Home About Us Our Heritage Since 1990, Quotient Sciences has transformed into a renowned, global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. We are proud of our heritage as a drug development and manufacturing accelerator. With over 30 years of experience and a growing team of more than 1,300 scientific experts, we are a trusted partner for all stages of drug development. What really excites us is the future and continuing our journey of helping customers get new treatments to patients, faster. See some of our milestones that have shaped our journey to become a trusted, strategic partner to the global pharmaceutical and biotech industry. 1990: Pharmaceutical Profiles Founded Founded in 1990, Pharmaceutical Profiles was established as a spin-out from the University of Nottingham and the Royal Free Hospital, London, UK. It was an early-phase development company that helped improve decisions in early drug development. The company's mission was to improve the drug development decision-making process by offering innovative services to select the right molecules in early development. 1990: Quotient Bioresearch Founded Also founded in 1990, Quotient Bioresearch was a UK-based contract research organization (CRO). Throughout the 1990s, Quotient Bioresearch grew and specialized in early-stage and specialist drug development services to the global life sciences industry. 2000s: Growth within the UK In 2002, QS Pharma was founded, specializing in formulation development and manufacturing of small molecule drug products. The company supported pharma and biotech customers through all stages of development and commercialization. In 2008, Quotient BioResearch acquired BioDynamics Research Limited. Founded over 15 years prior, BioDynamics was a specialist provider of metabolism, bioanalytical, and radiochemistry services worldwide. Pharmaceutical Profiles joined the Quotient Bioscience Group Limited in 2008. With capabilities for GMP manufacturing and GCP clinical trials in Nottingham, UK, Quotient Bioresearch developed RapidFACT, a novel formulation optimization approach. In May 2009, Quotient Bioresearch acquired the Edinburgh clinical research facility (formerly Inveresk Clinical Research) from Charles River Laboratories. Combined with the services and capabilities from Pharmaceutical Profiles, a new business was formed: Quotient Clinical . 2015 - 2017: Quotient Clinical Expansion in the UK In 2015, Quotient Clinical doubled its pharmaceutical sciences capacity through the acquisition of a second GMP manufacturing facility and the construction of new formulation development and pharmaceutical analysis laboratories in Nottingham. Quotient Clinical acquired the contract development company Co-Formulate Limited later in 2015 to expand pharmaceutical development capabilities across solid, semi-solid, and liquid oral formulations. This added to existing expertise and capabilities in pediatrics drug programs . In 2017, Quotient Clinical continued a UK expansion with the acquisition of Pharmaterials, a contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) based in Reading, UK. 2017: Quotient Clinical Expands to the US & Rebrands as Quotient Sciences Quotient Clinical expanded its footprint into the United States with the acquisitions of two organizations: SeaView Research, a specialist clinical pharmacology and contract research services provider (CRO) in Miami, Florida, and QS Pharma, a contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania metropolitan area. These acquisitions helped expand the company into the United States, furthering capabilities for integrated drug development with both clinical and manufacturing capabilities under one organization. At the time, former CEO Mark Egerton commented, "We are excited about the future of Quotient Sciences. By integrating services typically found in disparate CDMO and CRO businesses, we break down barriers and support our customers to improve R&D productivity and accelerate the delivery of new medicines to patients around the world. We have a 30-year track record of service to a global customer base, including large multinational pharmaceutical companies to smaller virtual biotech organizations." Following these acquisitions, Quotient Clinical announced that the company was renaming to Quotient Sciences . 2019 - 2020: A New Manifesto & Brand for Quotient Sciences In 2019, global investment firm Permira acquired a majority stake in Quotient Sciences from companies controlled by GHO Capital and other investors. The investment provided new funding to fuel the next stage of company growth. In 2020, a refreshed brand for Quotient Sciences was introduced along with a new mission statement to capture the soul of Quotient Sciences of being science-rich at heart with a passion to accelerate the development of new drugs for patients in need. Together, our manifesto , our mission and our principles reflect who we are and what we do for our customers to bring novel treatments to market as quickly as possible. 2021 - Present: Quotient Sciences Continues Growth & Adds Drug Substance Capabilities In early 2021, Quotient Sciences acquired Arcinova , a UK based multiservice contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO). The acquisition expanded the company's offering with the addition of drug substance, bioanalytical testing, and other capabilities offered from the company's Alnwick, UK location. Additionally, drug substance capabilities were added to the Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform, further increasing the time and cost savings potential that can be delivered by leveraging Translational Pharmaceutics®. Across 2022 and 2023, the company expanded further at its Alnwick, UK facility with new equipment and capacity added at the the Annex 1 compliant facility for sterile fill and finish of parenteral drugs. Go further with Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/diversity-equity-inclusion
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. At A Glance Careers at Quotient Sciences Home About Us Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Diversity, equity and inclusion are cornerstone values and guiding principles on which we aim to build our teams, cultivate our leaders, and foster a collaborative environment at Quotient Sciences. We empower our colleagues to respect and appreciate what makes us all different. To deliver our mission, we know a wide range of people, thought, innovation, and ideas are necessary to create a diverse culture and do great work. We recognize a diverse culture is one that considers gender and ethnic diversity, as well as diversity of experiences, personal backgrounds and perspectives, and we are striving to breathe this understanding into every aspect of our business. Our Commitments to Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Quotient Sciences are advocates for positive change and conscious inclusion. We seek to develop a workplace culture that provides a sense of acceptance and belonging for every person. As a global employer, we recognize the value in having an organization that is a true reflection and representation of our society today. We are committed to: Provide learning and development, awareness, and shared experiences to our colleagues to foster greater appreciation of what makes us all different Ensure our values are reflected in how we engage with and support each other in the workplace Foster an environment where colleagues feel supported in their wellbeing and personal and professional development Create an environment where every colleague has a voice Ensure fair, transparent processes and practices are in place that ensure opportunities for all colleagues Create a workplace which enables our colleagues to fulfil their potential and do their best work for Quotient and themselves Transparency in Diversity, Equity and Inclusion "I feel like I belong at Quotient Sciences." We believe in a meaningful, colleague-focused and data-driven approach to implementing DE&I objectives across our business. One key metric that we track as part of our routine Colleague Engagement Survey is the Belonging Score, a measure of how well our colleagues feel they belong and are accepted at Quotient Sciences. We are committed to continually monitoring, sharing, and improving this score to enable a better workplace for all. Our Colleague Organized Groups (COGs) Our colleague organized groups (COGs) work to achieve greater inclusion, belonging, and engagement across Quotient Sciences. They offer the opportunity to grow, learn, and develop alongside peers with shared interests, identities, and allies who support them. Our COGs partner with our People Team to aid in the delivery of strategic business objectives and our DE&I commitments. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Group (DE&I) – the purpose of this group is to champion a culture of DE&I within Quotient Sciences. This group works with the People Team to set and implement the strategy for DE&I colleague programs across the organization. UK Workplace Wellbeing Group – the purpose of this group is to remove the stigma attached to mental health in the workplace. The group strives to be positive role models to the organization and create an environment where everyone can talk freely about mental health and wellbeing without fear of negative judgment. Our DE&I Training We aim to strengthen our culture of DE&I at Quotient Sciences with training that educates colleagues about what DE&I means, why it matters, and what each colleague can do each day to make it happen. In 2024, our DE&I COG and the People Team are working to review and enhance our current training program to ensure it is meeting our goal of having a workplace culture that provides a sense of acceptance and belonging for every person. This year, all colleagues and managers will be provided with an opportunity to participate in a global, online facilitated DE&I training program and provide their feedback about how we can look to improve future programs. Discover Quotient Sciences Our Principles Science. Agility. Culture. Inseparable, intertwined, interdependent. Core principles that define us. Discover our principles Our Manifesto We believe that your molecules need to become cures, fast. Read Our Manifesto At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Careers at Quotient Sciences Interested in joining our team? Browse Jobs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/awards-and-achievements
Awards & Achievements | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Awards & Achievements We're proud to have been recognized for our growth and achievements. Customer Testimonials What We Do Home About Us Awards and Achievements Driven by a mission to bring molecules to cures, fast. Each recognition is a testament to our mission , our principles , our colleagues , and to our dedication of working with our customers as partners. Pharma Innovation Awards 2023: Flowinova Platform & API Development The Pharma Innovation Awards 2023 recognizes Quotient Sciences’ FlowInova platform with an award for its ability to streamline the scale-up process for early-phase drug substance API development. Read More Multiple Category Winner in 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards Quotient Sciences has been recognized with multiple 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards. The CDMO Leadership Awards recognizes top performing outsourcing organizations in the drug development space. Read More Careers at Quotient Sciences More awards and recognitions we've received Browse News Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Recognized in the 2023 British Made Awards Read More Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences wins in all 2022 CRO Leadership Award categories Read More Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Recognized as "Top Pharma and Life Sciences Outsourcing Company" Read More Browse News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/our-board-directors
Meet Our Board of Directors | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Our Board of Directors Meet our experienced global leaders. Quotient Sciences: At A Glance Home About Us Our Board of Directors Meet our experienced global board of directors. Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Chief Executive Officer Thierry Van Nieuwenhove joined Quotient Sciences in October 2023. Thierry has an extensive track record in the pharma/CDMO services industry spanning over 23 years and with experience in both small molecules and biologics. Thierry joins us from ABL Inc. where he was the Chief Executive Officer for the last two years. Prior to this, he held various senior leadership roles in the CDMO industry, including as the President of the Synthesis business unit at Novasep, Global Head of Business Development at Lonza, and CEO of Minakem, the CDMO and API manufacturing division of Minafin Group. On joining the company, Thierry said: "I am honored to join Quotient Sciences as its new CEO and lead a team dedicated to improving the lives of patients worldwide.” Read Announcement Des Glass SVP & Chief Financial Officer Des Glass joined Quotient Sciences in April 2022 with significant experience as a CFO in both private and public companies. Prior to joining the company, he was Group CFO at RWS Holdings plc. Des received his MBA from Imperial College London. Wayne Hewitt Non-Executive Chairman Wayne Hewett is an industry veteran and dedicated Senior Advisor to Permira, bringing more than three decades of board and leadership experience to Quotient Sciences. Wayne presently serves as Chairman of Cambrex, a global CDMO, and sits as part of the Board of Directors for companies including The Home Depot, Wells Fargo, UPS, and Lytx. Dimitrios Tzivelis Non-Executive Director Dimitrios focuses on investment opportunities in the Healthcare sector. Prior to joining Permira, he worked for Onex for three years, where he was in charge of Healthcare investments in Europe. Prior to that, he spent nine years with BC Partners. Dimitrios holds a Master of Science in Corporate Finance from Bocconi University, Italy, and has an MBA from Harvard Business School, USA. Henry Minello Non-Executive Director Henry focuses on investment opportunities in the Healthcare sector and has worked on numerous transactions including Atrium, BakerCorp, Cambrex, Genesys, Intelligrated, Intelsat, Jet Aviation and LSNE. Prior to joining Permira, Henry spent five years at The Cypress Group, a US private equity firm, where he completed a number of buy-out transactions. He has also worked at Salomon Brothers in the investment banking division and in the Distressed Debt group of LibertyView Capital Management, a multi-strategy hedge fund. Henry has a degree in Finance from Georgetown University, USA, and an MBA from Harvard Business School, USA. Domitille de Vienne Independent Director Domitille de Vienne focuses on investment opportunities in the Healthcare sector at Permira and has more than a decade of experience working in the Healthcare investment space. Prior to joining Permira in 2022, she worked at CDPQ as part of the direct private equity team, where she was in charge of healthcare investments in Europe. Domitille holds a degree in Corporate Finance and Business from ESCP Business School, France. Go further with Quotient Sciences Accelerate your program by partnering with Quotient Sciences. Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts
Ask the Experts | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Ask the Experts We help turn your molecules into medicines of the future. Learn more about our experience and ask our team a question today. Home Ask the Experts Loading... What is your scientific challenge? We are ready to overcome your drug development challenges whatever stage your program is at. Whether your question is associated with optimizing your formulation, streamlining the manufacturing of your drug substance, or planning your clinical pharmacology study, we are here to help. Our experts have insight into a variety of topics: Minimizing chemistry costs and moving drug substance supply off the critical path Transitioning between drug substance and drug product manufacturing Selecting the best formulation technology for poorly soluble molecules Meeting clinical trial program needs while reducing cost and waste Ensuring maximum flexibility in clinical manufacturing and batch sizes Using real-time clinical data to make better formulation decisions Dr. Stuart Mair Global VP, Medical, Early Development Dr. Stuart (Stu) Mair has over 16 years of experience delivering exploratory clinical studies in the contract research organizatio... About Stuart Dr. Andrew Lewis Chief Scientific Officer Dr. Andrew (Andy) Lewis is the Chief Scientific Officer at Quotient Sciences. As the leader of Quotient Sciences' scientific teams... About Andrew Nazim Kanji Executive Director, Pediatric Services Nazim Kanji is the Executive Director of Pediatric Services at Quotient Sciences. In his current role, Nazim works closely with cl... About Nazim Dr. Asma Patel VP, Integrated Development Services Dr. Asma Patel is VP of Integrated Development Services at Quotient Sciences. In this role, Asma is responsible for providing scie... About Asma Dr. Vanessa Zann Senior Drug Development Consultant Dr. Vanessa Zann is a Senior Drug Development Consultant at Quotient Sciences. Vanessa has over two decades of industry experience... About Vanessa Gareth Jenkins VP, Science & Technology, Candidate Development Dr. Gareth Jenkins has over 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical services industry spanning drug discovery, drug developme... About Gareth Iain Shaw Senior Director, 14C Enabled Drug Development Iain Shaw is Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development at Quotient Sciences. Iain has over 30 years of experience in the pha... About Iain Stuart McDougall Principal Research Fellow, Bioanalytical Services Stuart McDougall is Principal Research Fellow of Bioanalytical Services at Quotient Sciences. Stuart has over 30 years of experien... About Stuart Dr. Helen Baker Director, Pharmaceutical Sciences Dr. Helen Baker has over 15 years of formulation and product development experience within the pharmaceutical, biotech, and agrono... About Helen Kevser Sevim PBPK Senior M&S Research Fellow Dr. Kevser Sevim is a Senior Research Fellow who brings her expertise to the dynamic Modelling and Simulation (M&S) team at Quotie... About Kevser Amit Patel Senior Director of Technical Services "At Quotient Sciences, we trust interdependence to translate vision into action with one goal of getting drugs to patients, fast."... About Amit Go further with Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics
Translational Pharmaceutics®: Integrated Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Main navigation Translational Pharmaceutics® Proven to accelerate drug development for over 15 years. Download Whitepaper Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics A different approach to drug development. We brought meaningful innovation to the pharmaceutical industry in 2008 with Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® – a unique drug delivery platform proven to shorten development times by more than 12 months. Integrated capabilities for drug substance, clinical testing & drug product development. Translational Pharmaceutics® accelerates molecules through development by integrating traditionally siloed services. Drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing activities are traditionally siloed. Oftentimes, multiple providers are selected to handle these activities, creating handovers between providers that add time and cost to the drug development process. The Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform allows us to optimize your drug development needs. By integrating those activities, we help you reach key milestones as quickly and efficiently as possible. Understanding the dependencies between drug substance properties, formulation design, and clinical outcomes enables us to enhance development efficiency and help you achieve your goals at each development stage: Bridging from candidate development to first in human (FIH) studies Accelerating molecules from FIH to proof of concept (POC) Rapid drug product optimization Manufacturing your product at commercial scale Image Contact Us Benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics® A faster, integrated approach to drug development. Timeline acceleration by 12 months or more Cost savings in R&D spend Better decisions based on emerging human clinical data Provides flexibility to adjust formulation composition within a study Conserves drug substance by up to 85% Streamlines & simplifies vendor management & supply chain What our customers say about Translational Pharmaceutics® Read real insight from small and large pharmaceutical and biotech companies about their experiences working with Quotient Sciences and leveraging our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for their drug program. Ready to discuss how Translational Pharmaceutics® can be applied to save time and cost in your next drug program? Contact us today. Let's Talk We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Drug Product Optimization Unique and innovative formulations help our customers achieve their drug program goals. Find out about our rapid formulation optimization programs. Learn More Now With Drug Substance Seamless coordination between drug substance and drug product manufacturing results in efficient and accelerated drug development. Learn More Tufts Report Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) compares the savings and financial benefits for drug developers that use Translational Pharmaceu... Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/integrated-programs
Integrated Drug Development Programs | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrated Programs enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerating development to get your molecules to patients. Fast. Contact Us Turnkey solutions for accelerating drug development. We integrate solutions that you would typically find when outsourcing to multiple contract manufacturing and research companies. Leverage one organization, Quotient Sciences, to streamline and accelerate your drug program. Streamline how you bring your molecule to market. Our integrated capabilities help advance molecules across the full development cycle, shortening the time it takes to bring new treatments to market. We provide pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization, first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services to support your drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Learn More Early Development Accelerating molecules through to proof-of-concept. Learn More Late Development Accelerating products from proof-of-concept (POC) through to commercial manufacture. Learn More Your partner to bring new treatments to market. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we have worked with countless companies across the pharmaceutical industry over the last 30 years. Speak with one of our experts to learn more about our capabilities and how we can help you reach your program's milestones. Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/integrated-programs/candidate-development
Drug Candidate Selection & Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Candidate Selection & Development We help you select the right molecules for development Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Integrated Programs Candidate Development Trusted expertise to help you select the best drug candidate. Loading... The evaluation of a drug candidate's developability is a pivotal stage in the drug development process. We offer holistic services to help you assess and select the best molecules for further development. Over 30 years of experience in drug development, clinical testing, and drug manufacturing A multidisciplinary scientific team assigned to your project for holistic assessment and insight into the developability of your target candidate Integrated capabilities that offer a faster, more cost-effective route to reach the clinic for FIH trials We know what it takes to develop a successful drug. What is the drug candidate selection process? Drug candidate selection is the process of identifying the best molecules that can be developed into a new treatment for a specific disease or illness. Given the number of new chemical entity (NCE) candidates, we understand that our customers frequently face challenges when selecting the most promising candidate to continue forward into further development. Our candidate selection process involves several stages, including target identification, discovery, optimization, and preclinical testing. We offer an integrated solution for your drug candidate selection that maximizes the candidates potential to reach first-in-human (FIH) clinical trials. Why partner with Quotient Sciences at the drug candidate selection stage of your program? Quotient Sciences offers integrated services for the lifecycle of your drug program, starting from candidate selection through to commercial manufacturing. The integration of scientific capabilities through our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform enable us to provide a complete assessment of the developability of your molecule. This allows us to quickly identify the best drug candidates – the potential winners – for your drug development program. In combination with our agile and adaptive approach to project management, our teams ensure that projects are delivered on-time and on-budget, allowing you to mitigate risks and shorten the time to reach the clinic. Your partner to bring new treatments to market. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we have worked with countless companies across the pharmaceutical industry over the last 30 years. Speak with one of our experts to learn more about our capabilities and how we can help you reach your program's milestones. Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/integrated-programs/early-development
Early Phase Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrated Early Development Programs Accelerating molecules through to proof-of-concept (POC). Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Integrated Programs Early Development Simplify your early drug development journey with Quotient Sciences. Loading... Proof-of-concept (POC) is a key milestone in the development of a new drug candidate. We understand the importance of the POC milestone for your drug. At Quotient Sciences we offer integrated early development services to support the end-to-end execution of first-in-human programs. This includes drug product manufacturing and we will continue to support your program through to drug product supply for the POC study. What is the early drug development phase and common challanges faced? The early phase of drug development encompasses the first-in-human (FIH) clinical trial to the proof-of-concept study. Incorporating a range of clinical studies in healthy volunteers and patient groups can be complex as the type of drug product(s) employed in your early development program will often need to change to meet differing requirements. Find out how Quotient Sciences and our integrated capabilities can help on your journey to reach your FIH trial. Why partner with Quotient Sciences on your early drug development phase program? With integrated capabilities that range from first-in-human testing to seamless drug product supply for patient trials, we simplify your early development processes. Over 30 years of experience in drug development, clinical testing, and drug manufacturing A multidisciplinary scientific team assigned to your project Integrated capabilities that offer a faster, more cost-effective route to POC, for shortened timelines by up to 18 months Clinical data that guides dosage form design Streamlined outsourcing and seamless drug product supply Rapid drug product optimization, customized for your molecule Achieving proof-of-concept (POC) needs to be fast and cost-effective. However, it's common for most new drugs to require some sort of reformulation or optimization during their development, whether to respond to suboptimal exposure profiles, to transition from an early development formulation to one suitable for chronic administration in patients, or as part of a life-cycle management strategy. At Quotient Sciences, we can help you streamline the drug product optimization process in a number of ways. Leveraging our Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform, we can manufacture and obtain clinical data on new formulations in an accelerated timeframe. Integrated services and capabilities across our facilities in the U.S. and U.K. allow us to keep this work under a single organization and a single clinical protocol, so you don't have the burden of managing multiple vendors. Using this approach, we've optimized drug product for customer programs to: improve formulation decision-making cut development timelines by half or more conserve API Drug Product Optimization Translational Pharmaceutics® Your partner to bring new treatments to market. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we have worked with countless companies across the pharmaceutical industry over the last 30 years. Speak with one of our experts to learn more about our capabilities and how we can help you reach your program's milestones. Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/integrated-programs/late-development
Late Phase Drug Product Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Late Phase Drug Product Development Accelerate from proof-of-concept (POC) to commercial manufacturing & supply. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Integrated Programs Late Development Accelerate your product's path to the market. Loading... The journey from proof-of-concept to commercial launch can be complex. Speed to market is critical but cannot come at the expense of drug product quality. Accelerate the journey from proof-of-concept to commercial launch with the help of Quotient Sciences. What is the late drug development phase and how can you help accelerate through it? Late phase clinical development includes Phase 2b and Phase 3 trials to establish the effectiveness, safety, and cost-effectiveness of a product on a larger scale in order to provide sufficient evidence for the drug's market approval submission. Commercial manufacture at scale of the product. At Quotient Sciences, we support clinical trial materials manufacturing, registration and validation batches, and commercial scale to help your treatment reach the market. Why partner with Quotient Sciences in your late drug development phase? We provide the necessary expertise to turn promising molecules into successful, commercial drug products. Multidisciplinary scientific team with 30 years of experience Faster, more cost-effective route to market Shortens timelines by over 12 months Clinical data drives drug product optimization Streamlined outsourcing Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® Leveraging the Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform lets you reach late-phase trials, faster. Translational Pharmaceutics® enables us to develop late-phase products more efficiently. This means faster regulatory submissions, approvals, and market access for your new therapy. Learn More Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services
Tailored Drug Development Services | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Tailored Drug Development & Manufacturing Services A comprehensive range of services and industry-leading expertise for your program Watch video Loading... Contact Us One Partner From candidate selection through to commercial supply, we offer both standalone and integrated services that help you across all stages of drug development. 30+ Years Experience We bring deep expertise in drug development, along with a multidisciplinary scientific team, to your program. Over 3,000 Molecules We have helped leading pharma and biotech companies develop and manufacture a range of treatments, for simple up to the most challenging molecules. Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Our Manifesto Leverage our development and manufacturing expertise, to benefit your business. Drug Substance Learn about our drug substance synthesis and manufacturing capabilities including recent technical and capability updates to our Alnwick, UK facility. Learn More Formulation Development We have over 30 years of experience in formulation development services for small molecules and synthetic peptides. We create simple and complex dosag... Learn More Clinical Trial Manufacturing Tailored to meet the needs of clinical trial design and clinical manufacturing, focused on producing drugs for use in clinical research. Learn More Commercial Manufacturing Quotient Sciences manufactures a range of simple to complex dosage forms, with a track record of working with higher-value products that may require l... Learn More Clinical Pharmacology When you are looking for a partner who is dedicated to Phase I trials and early development, rely on Quotient Sciences. We accelerate your molecule fr... Learn More Bioanalysis Highly sensitive bioanalytical techniques enable the identification and quantification of analytes, such as small molecules, peptides, proteins, nucle... Learn More Data Sciences You need data rapidly to make crucial decisions during a study. Faster data means we can provide our customers with earlier interim data and interim P... Learn More Drug Development Consulting Our consultants have a proven track-record of cutting across industry silos to reduce the time and cost of development. With hands-on development exp... Learn More Drug Product Our consultants have a proven track-record of cutting across industry silos to reduce the time and cost of development. With hands-on development exp... Learn More 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-substance
Drug Substance Manufacturing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Substance Development & Manufacturing Tailored drug substance services to suit your needs. Learn about our drug substance synthesis and manufacturing capabilities. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Drug Substance Reduce drug substance manufacturing costs by 50% from preclinical to Phase I. Loading... Quotient Sciences provides drug substance synthesis and manufacturing services from candidate selection through to commercial production. Download Info Sheet A streamlined approach to developing drug substance With our tactical deployment of best-in-class technologies, we minimize chemistry costs and move your drug substance supply off the critical path. To best support our customers' needs, we have made significant investments in technologies and equipment to meet the increasing demand for complex small-scale drug substance manufacturing. Our streamlined approach to developing drug substances has been shown to reduce manufacturing costs by 50% from pre-clinical to Phase I. The First Kilograms of GMP Drug Substance Learn more about our capabilities in our latest whitepaper. Download Whitepaper At a Glance We always strive to produce economical processes for high-purity drug substances that can be rapidly scaled from grams to multi-kilograms. Our highly experienced chemistry, analytical, and drug development teams can support route selection, process development, critical process parameter (CPP) definition, experimental design (DoE), and impurity tracking/control, as well as developing bespoke and innovative solutions for our customers' technically difficult challenges. We adopt a streamlined approach to developing drug substances at our state-of-the-art facility in Alnwick, UK. This has been shown to reduce manufacturing costs by 50% from pre-clinical to Phase I. At our facility in Alnwick, UK we have made some significant investments in equipment and technologies to meet the increasing demand for complex small-scale drug substance manufacturing. We pride ourselves on quickly delivering high-purity drug substances and can rapidly scale up manufacturing at our cutting-edge facility. With more than 40 years of experience in synthetic organic chemistry, coupled with extensive expertise in flow chemistry, synthetic biology, and biocatalysis, we can optimize manufacturing processes and save months of development time for our customers. A multi-million-pound state-of-the-art building expansion of our Alnwick, UK, facility delivers comprehensive, integrated support for customers bridging from candidate selection to early clinical development and beyond. The newly expanded space features multi-purpose capacity of up to 15 GMP reactor streams with reactor volumes ranging from 5 liters up to 150 liters and deployment of both batch or continuous flow chemistry technologies. Drug Substance Services GMP & Non-GMP Manufacturing Our facilities can provide both GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) and non-GMP drug substance manufacturing, with the ability to generate kilogram-per-... Learn More Solid State Services Our expertise in solid-form screening and selection, with material scientists working closely with drug substance chemists, can help to identify the m... Learn More Stability Testing We produce high-quality stability data through a combination of analytical, microbiological, and material science methodologies. Learn More Isotopic Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Learn More Drug Substance Process Research and Development (PR&D) Learn about our Process Research and Development services for drug substance development and manufacturing. Learn More Creating the foundation for successful API development Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Download Whitepaper Putting our decades of experience to work to move your drug substance supply off the critical path We pride ourselves on quickly delivering high-purity drug substances and can rapidly scale up manufacturing at our cutting-edge facility. With decades of experience in synthetic organic chemistry, coupled with extensive expertise in flow chemistry, synthetic biology, and biocatalysis, we can optimize manufacturing processes and save months of development time for our customers. Our highly experienced chemistry, analytical, and drug development teams can support route selection, process development, critical process parameter (CPP) definition, experimental design (DoE), and impurity tracking/control, as well as developing bespoke and innovative solutions for our customers' technically difficult challenges. Loading... A look at our facility: Drug substance manufacturing in Alnwick, UK We deliver comprehensive drug substance services from our Alnwick, UK, facility. Our recently expanded space features multi-purpose capacity of up to 15 GMP reactor streams with reactor volumes ranging from 5 liters up to 150 liters, and deployment of both batch or continuous flow chemistry technologies. Learn More Drug Substance API: What our customers say "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development
Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Formulation Development Over 30 years of formulation development expertise, underpinned by biopharmaceutics, clinical data and knowledge. We can support your formulation development needs. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Tailored formulation development for your drug product. Loading... Quotient Sciences’ formulation teams have vast experience and a proven track record across an array of drug product formats for administration via oral, inhaled, topical, rectal and parenteral routes. We are trusted experts in formulation design. Download Info Sheet Over 30 years of formulation development expertise We have more than 30 years of experience developing a breadth of formulation services for small molecules and synthetic peptides, across a range of indications. With expertise in simple and complex dosage forms, we have formulated over 1,500 molecules. Dosage form development and manufacturing Our expertise across dosage forms includes capabilities for: Parenteral dosage forms Intravenous (IV) Intramuscular (IM) Subcutaneous (SC) Gels, ointments & creams dosage forms Rectal Topic Solid oral dosage forms API or formulated API in a bottle or capsule Immediate, modified, and sustained release tablets Multiparticulates, mini-tablets and granules Liquid filled capsules Orally disintegrating tablets (ODT) Oral & inhaled dosage forms Dry powders Solutions Suspensions Solubility-enhanced dosage forms Amorphous (Spray-dried, HME) dispersions Lipidic vehicles \- Self-emulsifying drug delivery systems (SEDDS) \- Self-micro emulsifying drug delivery systems (SMEDDS) Particle size reduction Complexation Your partner in formulation development Our track record in clinical research means we know what it takes to develop formulations across the full development pathway from preclinical to late stage. From fit-for-purpose preclinical and first-in-human (FIH) dosage forms to optimized drug products for late-stage development and market, we work with you to develop the most appropriate formulation based on the physicochemical and biopharmaceutics properties of your molecule. At a Glance A breadth of rapid formulation capabilities With over 30 years of experience, we provide full-service support for small molecule non-sterile programs, from dosage formulation development to GMP clinical trial manufacturing and commercial drug product supply. Identify and address critical formulation issues quickly We focus on delivering the most appropriate formulations, however complex, to expedite your clinical program. We support rapid progression to your first-in-human evaluation and ensure that your lead drug product can be seamlessly transitioned through development and scale-up. State-of-the-art, recently upgraded, US and UK facilities We have state-of-the-art, recently upgraded pharmaceutical development and clinical manufacturing facilities in the US and UK. Optimize the performance of your formulation We have completed more than 300 drug product formulation optimization programs, involving the clinical evaluation of more than 1,000 formulations. Our unique approach to drug product optimization saves time and increases the potential for success by facilitating decisions based on real-time clinical data. Over 30 years of experience in formulation development We have deep expertise in formulation development, built across more than 30 years and over 1,500 molecules developed. Support your formulation development from preclinical to late stage clinical evaluation Our innovative approach to formulation development is based on our proven track record in early clinical evaluation delivering phase-appropriate formulations across the product development pathway from preclinical to late-stage development. Formulation Development Services Explore our services and programs for small molecule & peptide drug development. Formulation Design Access formulation design expertise in a variety of drug product formats. Learn More Preformulation Screening Access our characterization techniques that speed your molecule's development. Learn More Formulation Optimization Rapid formulation optimization saves time & can increase the potential for success. Learn More Analytical Services How do I ensure the performance of my drug product? Learn More Solubility Enhancement Overcome solubility challenges with your molecule. Learn More First-In-Human How do I select the most appropriate first-in-human formulation? Learn More Modified Release Optimize your modified-release formulations. Learn More Pediatric Development Customized pediatric dosage form solutions. Learn More Gamma Scintigraphy How do I design and conduct my scintigraphic studies? Learn More Inhaled Development Developing an inhaled drug product? Learn More Spray Drying Improving the bioavailability of poorly soluble compounds. Learn More Biopharmaceutics & Pharmacokinetics Overcoming sub-optimal challenges for small molecules and accelerating early drug development. Learn More What's new in Formulation Development? Inhalation, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized from Amorphous API in a Low-Dose Dry Powder Formulation Used for Inhalation Learn More Formulation Development, Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Learn More Pediatrics, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-trial-manufacturing
Clinical Trial Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Clinical Trial Manufacturing Tailored to meet the needs of clinical trial design and clinical manufacturing, focused on producing drugs for use in clinical research. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Trial Manufacturing Real-time clinical manufacturing and supply. Loading... Understanding that early-phase clinical testing is a pivotal milestone in the development of your drug product, Quotient Sciences offers clinical trial manufacturing, testing, and certification services designed to meet your individual requirements. We are focused on producing drug product for use in clinical studies Our innovative method of building integrated Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) and Good Clinical Practice (GCP) programs provides a streamlined, flexible approach to drug product supply that reflects your clinical study design and timeline. At a Glance Flexible, on demand clinical manufacturing We use a variety of clinical manufacturing approaches to make only the product you need, flexible on demand. This is real-time adaptive manufacturing. Tailored clinical manufacturing, to your program Tailor clinical manufacturing, packaging, and clinical trial supplies to reflect your clinical trial design. Reduce your clinical trial costs and timelines Improve your clinical trial cost efficiency by reducing drug substance and drug product waste. On-demand high potency manufacturing Leverage our expertise in high-potency handling and manufacturing to make your product on-demand. Rapid clinical trial design and scale-up Move rapidly through clinical trial design and development to have the capability to efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes. Leverage our expertise to move rapidly through clinical trial design What can Quotient Sciences’ clinical trial manufacturing do for me? We understand the time and cost pressures you face during early-phase evaluation and work with you to ensure a rapid, seamless path from development to clinical trial supply. We can help you move rapidly through clinical trial design and development to have built the capability to efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes to meet the demands of global clinical and patient supply requirements. Dosage Forms We offer clinical manufacturing and testing services for all major dosage forms, including: Solutions and suspensions Drug or blend in bottle Drug or blend in capsule Immediate-, sustained-, and modified-release tablets Solubilized formulations, including amorphous (spray-dried and hot melt extrusion [HME]) dispersions, micronized and lipidic formulations Gels, creams, and ointments Delivery Routes We have extensive experience of developing and manufacturing drug products intended for all major routes of delivery: Oral (solid and liquid forms) Inhaled (pulmonary, nasal) Topical Rectal Parenteral Phase I, II, III Clinical Manufacturing We support all aspects of your drug product supply for Phase I, II, and III clinical studies: Manufacture of all major drug product dosage forms in our US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)- and UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)-approved facilities Packaging, including bottles, blisters, and tubs Multi-language label design (including translation) Post-study drug return and reconciliation Randomization and blinding Schedule I–IV controlled substance handling Shipment logistics and supply tracking Storage and distribution capabilities (ambient, refrigerated, and frozen) Supply chain management to the clinical site Aseptic Manufacturing of Parenteral Drug Product We have over 30 years of experience in the development of parenteral drug products, from candidate development to clinical manufacturing via aseptic filtration techniques. To find out more about our aseptic manufacturing capabilities, click the link below. Aseptic Manufacturing Real-Time Adaptive Manufacturing Quotient Sciences' history and expertise in integrating manufacturing with clinical dosing enables us to manufacture, package, and release products in a matter of days or weeks rather than months. Combined with bright-stock and just-in-time (JIT) approaches, we maximize flexibility around batch size and timing supply to your selected site in response to emerging clinical data or patient recruitment — without affecting the availability of your drug product. Global Clinical Trial Supplies Quotient Sciences can ease the headache of global product supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. We’ll develop and manufacture your drug product, then seamlessly integrate a flexible packaging, labeling, and distribution strategy that's tailored to your clinical trial. Clinical Trial Supplies Clinical Trial Manufacturing: What our customers say "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals Clinical Trial Manufacturing Services Find out more about our GMP clinical trial manufacturing services that will meet your supply needs for investigational medicinal product (IMP) or investigational new drugs (IND) for global clinical trials. Aseptic Manufacturing Our innovative approach enables rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration. Learn More Global Clinical Trial Supplies We can facilitate global clinical trial supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. Our clinical trial supply team works with you ... Learn More High Potency APIs (HPAPIs) Handling Our global facilities are configured with the necessary controls required for the handling and processing of highly potent molecules. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/commercial-manufacturing
Commercial Drug Manufacturing Services | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Commercial Manufacturing Speed-to-market is crucial, but it should never come at the expense of drug product quality. Find out about our tech-transfer, scale-up and commercial manufacturing services. Watch video Loading... Scale-Up and Tech-Transfer Home What We Do Tailored Services Commercial Manufacturing Tailored to your specific drug product and market needs. Loading... Scale up and accelerating to market is crucial, but these should never come at the expense of drug product quality. As a global, trusted development and manufacturing partner, we recognizes that speed, flexibility, and agility are essential for establishing a successful commercial product supply chain. We specialize in providing comprehensive pharmaceutical commercial manufacturing that's tailored to your program's needs, without forsaking quality for speed. Download Info Sheet Decades of global commercial manufacturing experience brought to your program. We manufacture a range of simple to complex dosage forms, with a track record of working with higher-value products that may require lower batch sizes in the market, such as: Oncology therapies Orphan drugs/rare diseases Pediatric indications At a Glance Capabilities, quality, and experience dealing with HPAPIs Whether you need to manufacture a new commercial product or extend your commercial supply chain for an existing product, we have the experience and capabilities to help you overcome the challenges that highly potent APIs (HPAPIs) pose and minimize risk. We support all aspects of Phase III clinical & commercial supply We can support all aspects of your drug product supply for Phase III clinical studies and commercial supply. That includes the manufacture of all oral drug product dosage forms in our US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-, European Medicines Agency (EMA)-, and Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA)-approved facilities. Simple to transfer existing products and processes from another CDMO We have expertise across all key areas; development, analytical, manufacturing, quality, and regulatory. We will help to mitigate risks and can seamlessly transfer existing products and processes, minimizing risk. State-of-the-art, recently upgraded, US and UK facilities We have state-of-the-art, recently upgraded pharmaceutical development and clinical manufacturing facilities in the US and UK. Unique integration offers rapid technology transfer and scale-up Our unique integrated approach makes it seamless to transfer technology from lab scale to pilot scale to commercial manufacturing. We can easily transfer existing products and processes from another contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO). We are a trusted partner in transitioning life-saving medicines to patients. Fast. Commercial manufacturing batch size capabilities For commercial manufacturing of oral solid dose forms, we can support quantities from less than 1 kg to over 500 kg. In addition to manufacturing products for New Drug Application (NDA), Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA), Marketing Authorization Application (MAA), and Japanese New Drug Application (JNDA) registration, the Quotient Sciences team can also support 505(b)(2) and CBE-30 filings. Process validation and registration batches Whether you are preparing for NDA, ANDA, MAA, or JNDA, Quotient Sciences has the expertise and regulatory approval to manufacture your validation and registration batches for the US, the UK, Europe, Brazil, and Japan. Phase III and commercial drug product supply We can support all aspects of your drug product supply for Phase III clinical studies and commercial supply. Manufacture of all oral drug product dosage forms in our US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-, European Medicines Agency (EMA)-, and Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA)-approved facilities Packaging including bottles, blisters, and tubs Dosage forms We have vast experience across an array of dosage forms. Manufacturing for registration batches and commercial supply includes; solid oral dosage forms and oral solutions and suspensions Project Management Project management Quotient Sciences Project Management has over 30 years of experience in supporting drug programs that are in late-stage development and commercial. Our project managers will ensure your commercial readiness by providing end-to-end support, from concept and project scoping to project delivery. Where projects transition across our sites, or intersect with other service providers, we will make the process seamless for you. Technology transfer and scale-up Technology transfer and scale-up both require a high degree of cross-functional integration. We have expertise across all key areas: development, analytical, manufacturing, quality, and regulatory. We can help you mitigate risks and seamlessly advance projects through their development. Learn More High-potency handling Whether you need to manufacture a new commercial product or extend your commercial supply chain for an existing product, we have the capabilities, quality, and experience to help you achieve your goals and overcome the challenges that arise with high-potency active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs) Learn More Commercial Manufacturing Services Scale-Up and Tech-Transfer We can seamlessly advance projects into the later stages of development. Learn More High Potency Commercial Manufacturing We can overcome the commercial manufacturing challenges that arise with HPAPIs. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology
Clinical Pharmacology | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Clinical Pharmacology Integrated first-in-human and clinical pharmacology programs that help you make critical decisions earlier. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Integrated, seamless studies. Partner with us to develop your integrated early drug development program When you are looking for a partner who is dedicated to Phase I trials and early drug development, rely on us. We accelerate your molecule from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) , helping you make critical decisions earlier. For any clinical pharmacology study you require, you can expect a fully integrated program , from study design to data reporting. Contact us today and learn how you can leverage our expertise from more than 1,300 Phase I studies completed to benefit your next program. Get Started At a Glance Proven track record spanning over 30 years Our experience spans more than 30 years and 1,300 Phase I studies, including FIH (SAD/ MAD), DDI, TQT, bioavailability, food effect, and 14C ADME studies. Ability to rapidly recruit large groups of volunteers Accelerate your study startup at our clinical units in Miami (U.S.) and Nottingham (U.K.) with industry-leading IRB/EC and CTA approval timelines. In addition, 99 percent of our studies start on time, 98 percent enroll with full cohorts, and 99 percent of our subjects are retained throughout. If you need to access a challenging healthy volunteer population for your study, we rapidly recruit large cohorts of volunteers. More than 1,300 Phase I studies completed Leverage our experience in all dosage forms, and save time with our strategic approach. For over 30 years, our drug product teams have helped formulate compounds and develop scalable drug products to transition customers from Phase I into Phase II patient trials and beyond. Integrated first-in-human and clinical pharmacology programs Our fully integrated programs are led by experienced project managers alongside industry-leading Phase I medical directors who are experts in first-in-human (FIH) and drug-drug interaction (DDI) and thorough QT (TQT) studies. Accelerate your molecule from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) We accelerate your molecule from first-in-human to proof-of-concept, helping you make critical decisions earlier. How? Our in-house data sciences team rapidly delivers clinical data and insights to move you on to the next milestone as fast as possible. Experience and Study Types Over 30 years of expertise to seamlessly deliver your studies with the highest quality service and speed. FIH (single ascending dose [SAD]/multiple ascending dose [MAD]) Relative bioavailability/ pharmacokinetics Drug-drug interaction (DDI) Food effect Thorough QT (TQT)/cardiac safety Bioequivalence Biosimilars 14 C ADME/mass balance Isotopic labeling Gamma scintigraphy POC Pharmacodynamics/biomarkers Japanese bridging Dedicated to the success of your Phase I study We deliver full-service programs on time, within budget, and to the highest quality to meet your rigorous requirements and those of the regulatory agencies. Our purpose-built Phase I units are located in Miami, FL and Nottingham, UK and are UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)- and US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-inspected. Our global capacity of 229 beds and database of more than 25,000 healthy volunteers who can be recruited to participate in your trial. Your dedicated early-phase project manager will provide you with a customized service and third-party management/oversight, and work with our experienced team of physicians and investigators to deliver your program. Learn more about our approach to project management. Access to special populations for your Phase I trial We have a database of more than 25,000 healthy volunteers and can help you also recruit the right groups to meet the needs of your program. Ages 65 and older Post-menopausal Male and female infertility Hypertensive Type II diabetics Asthma Allergic rhinitis Obese Healthy smokers Gastrointestinal diseases Japanese Benefit from dedicated study resources We have the experience and expertise to seamlessly deliver your studies with the highest quality service and speed. If you need a fully integrated solution, including data management, data analysis, statistics, and medical writing, Quotient Sciences is your answer . Clinical pharmacology expertise, including FIH (SAD/MAD), DDI, food effect, and ADME experience Experienced project managers- guiding your study to successful on-time delivery, within budget and to the highest quality On-site pharmacy compounding and integrated real-time adaptive Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing Formulation development for all dosage forms, including oral solutions and suspensions, capsules and tablets, sterile preparations (intravenous [IV] and subcutaneous [SC]), inhaled and nasal devices, topical creams and gels Early-phase data sciences group providing full-service data management, statistics, and medical writing Regulatory support to ensure a seamless FDA or MHRA submission and approval process for clinical trial applications Clinical Pharmacology Facilities Miami, USA Over 650 Phase I clinical studies completed 144-bed clinical unit with dedicated FIH wards On-site pharmacy , with clean rooms for aseptic products 19,000 active healthy volunteers in our database Recruitment for special subject populations Spotlight on Miami Facility Details Nottingham, UK Over 650 Phase I studies completed Clinical unit with a dedicated 14 C ADME ward and laboratory On-site pharmaceutical laboratories and GMP manufacturing 7,000 active healthy volunteers in our database 45 Phase I CTA submissions annually (more than any other UK unit) Spotlight on Nottingham Facility Details What's new in Clinical Pharmacology? Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism, and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects Learn More Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Learn More Drug Substance, Clinical Pharmacology Innovation Spotlight: Will Psychedelics Revolutionize the Treatment of Mental Illnesses? By: Emilie Bergström Learn More Explore Additional Services from Quotient Sciences Isotopic Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Learn More First in human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) Accelerating molecules to POC. Learn More Human ADME Studies How can we simplify the delivery of your human ADME study? Learn More Regulatory Affairs How do we ensure your high-quality regulatory submissions? Learn More Modeling and Simulation We help pinpoint the question you need to answer and identify the data you need to collect to enhance your clinical development program. Learn More Integrated Pharmacy Compounding and GMP Manufacturing We help you accelerate through to first-in-human testing and seamlessly supply drug product into your clinical trials. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/bioanalysis
Bioanalysis | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Bioanalysis Over 40 years of experience delivering rapid bioanalytical data in discovery, preclinical and clinical development stages. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Bioanalysis Rapid bioanalytical data to meet your program's milestones Delivering rapid bioanalytical data is critical to meeting milestones faster in drug development. At Quotient Sciences, we are experts in the development, validation, and application of bioanalytical assays. Highly sensitive bioanalytical techniques enable the identification and quantification of analytes, such as small molecules, peptides, proteins, nucleic acids, and metabolites, all from very small volumes of biological samples. From drug discovery to preclinical and clinical studies, understanding drug exposure, safety, and metabolism are essential in accelerating drugs to clinic and commercialization. Download Info Sheet At a Glance GLP and GCP accredited laboratories Our GLP- and GCP-accredited facilities provide comprehensive bioanalytical support to studies through preclinical, through to Phase I, and onwards to Phase II and III. Short lead times and rapid turnaround We deliver rapid bioanalytical data in the discovery, preclinical, and clinical stages. Our state-of-the-art equipment includes: LC-MS/MS, LC-HR-MS, ICP-MS, ICP-MS/MS, GC-MS, and GC-MS/MS. Over 40 years of scientific expertise in bioanalytical assays We are experts in the development, validation, and application of bioanalytical assays with over 40 years of scientific expertise. Over 400 bioanalytical assays developed, validated, and applied For our customers, we have developed over 400 methods (LC-MS, GC-MS, ICP-MS). We have expertise in specialist areas including; Insulin analogues & polypeptide drugs, elemental analysis, volatile drugs, and biomarkers. Integrated toxicokinetics and pharmacokinetics analysis and reporting We offer expert TK and PK data analysis and reporting, supporting pre-clinical and clinical studies. Working together with our expert PK team, we can reduce the risk of downstream delays in later phases of your drug development. Combining our development and validation experience of over 400 bioanalytical assays, along with our integrated service lines, we can ensure that critical decision-making data are rapidly processed, robust, and reliable. Our dedicated bioanalytical chemists are globally recognized and have decades of experience in supporting all stages of drug development. At every stage, we can help you gain a better understanding of the fate of your drug in the human body. With our cutting-edge mass spectrometry equipment, we can identify and quantify analytes to determine if, and how, a drug is metabolized in the body. When used in conjunction with the range of extraction technologies available, we can support you in the development of highly selective and sensitive assays. Our experts can quickly develop, validate, and implement bioanalytical LC-MS, GC-MS, and ICP-MS assays for small- and large-molecule drugs, biomarkers, and elements in compliance with regulatory standards. Broad range of platforms Liquid chromatography with mass spectrometry (LC-MS) Inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) Gas chromatography with mass spectrometry (GC-MS) High-resolution mass spectrometry Liquid chromatography with ion-trap mass spectrometry (LC-TRAP-MS) Liquid chromatography with time-of-flight mass spectrometry (LC-TOF-MS) Global compliance and regulatory Good Laboratory Practice (GLP)- and Good Clinical Practice (GCP)-accredited laboratories US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) European Medicines Agency (EMA) UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) Specialist areas of expertise Insulin analogues and polypeptide drugs Elemental analysis Volatile drugs and biomarkers Comprehensive bioanalytical support at every stage Preclinical Drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics (DMPK) Pre-clinical pharmacology TK, including GLP toxicology studies Dose escalation and selection Phase I FIH – single ascending dose (SAD) and multiple ascending dose (MAD) Relative bioavailability and PK Clinical pharmacology Drug-drug interaction (DDI) Bioequivalence 14 C absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion (ADME) and mass balance Pharmacodynamic (PD), metabolite, and biomarker analysis Phase II and III Global, multi-center trials Relative bioavailability and PK PD, metabolite, and biomarker analysis A closer look at our equipment and applications Instrumentation Applications Inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) Inductively coupled plasma tandem mass spectrometry (ICP-MS/MS) Elemental analysis Xevo ultra-performance liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS/MS) Analysis of small-molecule new chemical entities (NCEs) Analysis of peptides, small proteins, and new biological entities (NBEs) Highly sensitive, with a lower limit of quantification (LLOQ) <1 ng/mL High throughput Quantum and Vantage UPLC-MS/MS Analysis of small-molecule NCEs Sensitive, with a LLOQ ~1 ng/mL High throughput Gas chromatography with mass spectrometry (GC-MS) Gas chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (GC-MS/MS) Detection and analysis of volatile analytes for NCEs and biomarkers Liquid chromatography with quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (LC-QTOF-MS) High-resolution structural identification for NCEs Peptide and protein identification NBE analysis Liquid chromatography with inductively coupled plasma tandem mass spectrometry (LC-ICP-MS/MS) Elemental speciation Liquid chromatography with ion-trap mass spectrometry (LC-TRAP-MS) High-resolution structural identification for NCEs Expert insight in bioanalysis: More Blogs Paige Bellis, Bioanalysis, Bioanalytical Method Development, Alnwick, Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Learn More Bioanalysis Bioanalytical Strategies that Accelerate the Development of Assays for Insulin Analogues and Other Large Peptides By: Michael Blackburn Learn More Bioanalysis Scientific Poster Spotlight: Novel Copper Protein Speciation Method for Calculating Serum Non-Ceruloplasmin Copper: A Comparative Analysis Learn More More Blogs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/data-sciences
Data Sciences | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Data Sciences Rapid access to clinical data and results to accelerate drug development. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Data Sciences Quality clinical study data. Fast. Quotient Sciences understands that our customers need quality data rapidly to make crucial decisions during a study. Faster data means we can provide our customers with earlier interim data and interim PK reports for on-study dosing and formulation decisions. We understand that on-study changes to early phase study designs and dosing are frequent. Our strategy for study database design and reporting is built around flexibility and rapid implementation. We use eSource data collection procedures in our clinical units and a joint eSource/eCRF database. Data is available in the study database within hours of collection, ready for remote sponsor access. We support studies conducted at our Miami (US) and Nottingham (UK) clinics. With global SOPs, templates, and standards, we also adapt them for use with sponsor templates/standards. Our services are fully integrated, and we assign a single Project Manager for all drug product, clinical and data sciences activities. At a Glance CDISC Gold Member, CDISC Standards We are a CDISC Gold Member and CDISC standards are built into all our data on over 400 early-phase studies. Fully integrated services; drug product, clinical and data sciences A single Project Manager is assigned to each integrated study for all drug product, clinical, and data sciences. Six specialist departments and over 100 data scientists We have over 100 data scientists working within six specialist departments as described below. Each department will be optimized around your study objectives, and help maximize your use of study data. We help you make crucial decisions during a study, earlier Interim access to study data with our integrated approach means we can provide our customers with earlier data to make dosing and formulation decisions, faster. Get rapid access to clinical data and analysis Our study strategy for our customers is built around quality, flexibility, and rapid implementation. We recognize that you need rapid access to clinical data to make crucial decisions. Our Data Science team comprises six specialist departments, and over 100 colleagues 1\. Data Management and Database Programming Study eSource/eCRF database set-up and maintenance Study database build using Anju’s TrialOne system, a single system for both eSource collection in clinic and as an eCRF for data management. As a result, TrialOne use and Quotient Sciences processes reduce data query rates, data transcription and timelines Data Management Plan, data cleaning, coding, query issue and database lock 2\. Statistics and Statistical Programming Protocol input, sample size calculation and randomization Statistical Analysis Plan and formal statistical analysis/interpretation Program study listings, tables and figures and CDISC datasets (SDTM and ADaM) Define.xml package including Reviewers Guide and all related documentation 3\. Pharmacokinetics (PK) Rapid interim PK turnaround times for formulation decisions or SAD/MAD safety evaluation PK parameter estimation using Phoenix WinNonlin and interpretation Modeling and simulation using GastroPlus, including development of IVIVCs 4\. Medical Writing Protocol writing Clinical study report according to FDA guidance for industry and related submissions using eCTD specification 5\. Standardizing Study Data with CDISC When you need compliant datasets, enlist experts that understand CDISC’s impact on early phase studies and its importance to your future regulatory submission. As a CDISC Gold Member, we have built CDISC standards into all our data management and statistical procedures for over 400 early phase studies. We also use the same software as FDA for dataset validation (Pinnacle21 Enterprise edition) and to aid define-xml package generation. Our experts: Develop dataset specifications and an aCRF with reference to SDTM and ADaM implementation guides Program SDTM and ADaM datasets according to specifications, including verification, quality control and validation Provide metadata files and blankcrf.pdf Include all clinical, pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic and scintigraphic data We also offer full define.xml package including define.pdf, trial design datasets, subject-level datasets, traceability documentation and data reviewer’s guides 6\. Statistics, Pharmacokinetics and Scintigraphy Our statistical, pharmacokinetic and scintigraphic experts understand clinical pharmacology studies and their specialized challenges. Optimize your study objectives, design and subject numbers, and maximize your use of study data: Access input into clinical protocols and designs and ensure all output complies with the ICH, CHMP and FDA Provide data analysis and interpretation, such as interim assessments to assist you with real-time decision making Leverage expert review and interpretation of scintigraphic data, including qualitative and quantitative analysis of drug product performance and pharmacodynamic effects during your study What's new in Data Sciences? Data Sciences, Careers, Dennis Henderson Spotlight on Data Sciences at Quotient Sciences By: Dennis Henderson Learn More Data Sciences, Ian Nisbet What Role Do Data Sciences Play in Drug Development? By: Ian Nisbet Learn More Data Sciences The importance of data integrity in the drug development process By: Erika Reategui Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/drug-development-consulting
Drug Development Consulting | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Development Consulting Trusted scientific advice at each stage of your drug development program. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Drug Development Consulting Expertise to help your program reach its next milestone Our holistic approach Our Drug Development Consultants work with you to design and implement successful drug development programs. With industry leading scientific expertise across a range of technical disciplines, we help customers across all stages of development, from candidate selection to commercial launch. A proven track record Our consultants have a proven track-record of cutting across industry silos to reduce the time and cost of development. With hands-on development experience across hundreds of drug molecules and product types, we’ll help you avoid critical pitfalls, manage risks and maximize the potential for success. Ask the experts Consult our scientific panel Meet Our Team Decades of drug development experience brought to your program What our consultants do benefits our customers end-to-end minimizing risk, delivering efficiency and streamlining your outsourcing. We assess, holistically We always assess each molecule holistically to understand the complex interplay between drug substance, drug product, and clinical performance. We listen, and interpret We listen to customers, understand goals, interpret data & guide your drug development program using our decade of experience to maximize efficiency. We integrate, globally Our benefit to customers is that we integrate multiple development services and build robust development plans throughout our global teams. We mitigate risk Our drug development consultants pre-emptively identify scientific challenges and mitigate development risks. We design drug development strategies that are right the first time and eliminate delays. We streamline outsourcing Our drug development consultants streamline outsourcing, eliminate costly and time-consuming tech transfers, and provide consistent scientific direction. Our expertise across all stages of development From solubility enhancement to complex oral solid dose, from pediatric dosage forms to and injectables, let our experts help you move from discovery into development, from first-in-human to proof-of-concept, and through to late phase and commercial manufacturing. Contact Us Consultancy by stage of development Turnkey solutions for shortening drug development timelines. Candidate Development Quickly identify the best drug candidates with our help. Learn More Early Development Simplify early development and accelerate to proof-of-concept with our help. Learn More Late Development Speed up the journey from proof-of-concept to commercial manufacture and launch with our help. Learn More Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/isotope-labeling
14C Isotope Labeling | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact 14C Isotope Labeling Isotopically labeled materials to support your development pathway to the clinic. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology 14C Isotope Labeling Accelerating your drug compounds to the clinic. Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled (14C/stable isotope labeled [SIL]) materials to support your non-clinical and clinical development. Quotient Sciences supports the design and conduct of both non-clinical and clinical human ADME studies for research, development, and regulatory purposes. We are experts in the safe handling of 14C-labeled high-potency/high-hazard compounds (cytotoxics) and 14C-labeled gases and volatiles, including 14CO2. Our radiochemists work closely with our analytical and drug product teams to deliver a solution-focused service to our customers, throughout all stages of drug development. Trust us to deliver on time and in full, with a 98% delivery rate. Our facilities are UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)-accredited, and we offer full Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) synthesis of 14C-labeled compounds for human studies. Customers who have placed both their pre-clinical and clinical studies with us have shortened their time to clinic and saved on development costs by avoiding the need for re-synthesis. We have a 98% delivery rate and take great pride in delivering on time and in full for our customers. Human ADME Info Sheet Ask the experts Meet Iain Shaw, Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development More About Iain Radiolabeling expertise available as a standalone service or part of an integrated program. As part of a Synthesis-to-Clinic® program, we pull all necessary elements required to complete a human ADME program into a single program of work that includes radiosynthesis to the final clinical report. This drives efficient development and manufacturing of 14C drug products tailored to the specific requirements of your ADME program — including intravenous (IV) products to generate IV pharmacokinetic and absolute bioavailability data, where appropriate. Real-time GMP manufacture and QP release of 14C drug products, facilitated by Synthesis-to-Clinic®. On-site pharmaceutical sciences facilities for the development, real-time GMP manufacture, and Qualified Person (QP) release of 14C drug products enable us to supply oral and parenteral formulations for ADME studies seamlessly. GMP manufacturing of 14C drug product is conducted in the same building as clinical dosing and real-time adaptive manufacturing, allowing us to support ADME studies in patients at specialist clinics. Learn more about our expertise and capabilities in our whitepaper, "Synthesis to Clinic®: A streamlined approach to 14C human ADME studies." Download Whitepaper State-of-the-art equipment for isotopic labeling Our heritage in drug development and the presence of bioanalytical experts under the same roof allow us to design and deliver stable isotope labeled internal standards with the correct properties for successful bioanalysis studies. Vacuum manifold equipment for handling volatile 14 C starting materials Preparative chromatography systems to maximize radiolabeled material recovery with high velocity High-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) Liquid scintillation counters Radio-thin-layer chromatography (radio-TLC) imagers H-Cube flow hydrogenation systems More information about our services What is 14C isotope radiolabeling? Human ADME studies provide data for mass balance, pharmacokinetics, and metabolite characterization. This allows detailed understanding of the metabolism of a drug candidate to support regulatory submission. A synthesis of the drug candidate is designed that uses a radioactive starting material to introduce one or more 14C atoms into the final structure. The labeling position is chosen to maximize the metabolic data that can be determined and builds upon hundreds of years of experience in designing short and economical routes ensuring high velocity of material delivery. The material produced has the same pharmacokinetic and metabolic properties as the unlabeled compound, but the presence of the radioactive element allows quantification of the parameters being studied. What is stable isotope labeling (SIL)? Mass spectrometry is the workhorse of bioanalysis, with millions of samples being analyzed daily across the world. Accurate quantification of the test substance is key and is accomplished using an internal standard. SIL materials provide ideal internal standards for studying development candidates. A copy of the molecule is produced containing SIL atoms. These are not radioactive but can be distinguished from the unlabeled material by mass spectrometry, enhancing the accuracy of the measurements made. Contact Us Today Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions
Pharma Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Your molecules. Our solutions. Humanity can't afford to wait. We are committed to helping you develop new medicines for patients in need. Fast. Watch video Loading... Contact Us What's your challenge? Our solutions accelerate your drug program from discovery and development, through to commercialization. Discover how we can help you. Solutions for your drug development phase and candidates What are your goals? At all stages of drug development, we are always focused on understanding and meeting your program's goals. Learn More By therapeutic area Together, we can get life-changing treatments and medicines to patients, faster. Learn More By specialized manufacturing need As an integrated development and manufacturing partner, we can maximize the potential of your drug product. Learn More By development stage How we can help your drug candidate reach its potential and accelerate the drug development process end-to-end. Learn More At Quotient Sciences, we know what it takes to develop a successful drug. Whether you're in need of a specialized manufacturing capability or have a question about the best strategy for your molecule type, we can help. Meet our experts and ask a question about your drug development challenge. Ask Our Experts Our integration of scientific capabilities enable us to provide a complete assessment of the developability of a molecule. This allows us to quickly identify the best drug candidates – the potential winners – for your program. Coupled with our agile and adaptive approach to project management, our teams ensure that projects are delivered on-time and on-budget, allowing you to mitigate risks and shorten the time to reach the clinic. Take a glimpse at our integrated service offerings. Integrated Programs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/drug-development
Drug Development: Accelerate Your Program | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact What are your drug development goals? We are focused on meeting your goals. Contact Us Home Solutions What are your goals? Lets understand your challenges and goals, and accelerate your program. From drug candidate selection, early development through late development and commercial supply, there are many stages and challenges to overcome to meet your programs goals. Quotient Sciences is uniquely positioned at any stage to partner with you. Why are you uniquely positioned to help my drug program move forwards, toward my goals? We are a renowned global drug development accelerator. Our unique and innovative approach to development extends beyond traditional CRO & CDMO outsourcing paradigms by providing an integrated platform that combines drug substance, formulation development, real-time adaptive manufacturing and clinical testing under one organization and a single program manager. We have over 30 years of experience in small molecule drug substance synthesis and manufacturing, drug product formulation development, clinical trial manufacturing, commercial launch and supply as well as our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® drug accelerator platform. An end-to-end drug development partner you can trust. We partner with emerging biotechnology and large pharmaceutical companies to develop the next generations of therapies that make a difference for those that need them the most. Customer Testimonials Leverage our integrated programs to bridge molecule discovery into clinical development Bringing together over a century of industry experience to your program, Quotient Sciences recently introduced a collaboration with Charles River who have deep expertise in medicinal chemistry, biology, DMPK, early pharmaceutics, and non-clinical safety. This, coupled with Quotient Sciences' expertise in drug substance synthesis, drug product development, manufacturing, and clinical testing creates a solution with a full set of deliverables to help get your molecule 'clinic ready', and improve your chances of clinical success. Charles River Collaboration Read Blog What our customers say "Quotient Sciences has worked with us on several pediatric projects and has been very effective in translating our product concepts into successful prototype formulations. We really appreciate the way they tune in to the broader, long-term objectives of our projects and are agile in delivering specific work packages that will contribute to the overall project’s success. They are skilled in applying their extensive technical expertise and understanding of the full pediatric pharma development process. Importantly, they are great at adapting to change and tenacious when it comes to problem-solving. They have proved to be an essential resource in developing our pediatric portfolio." Clare Geesen Operations Manager , Proveca "Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials... Everything ran very smoothly. We had a very good project manager who was on top of things all the time, and there were no hitches... I would say that Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials." Dr. Andreas Konar Senior Vice President , Xspray Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology "We were impressed by how efficient the Quotient Sciences team was in helping us progress one of our key projects to a successful first in human study." Benoit Bestgen Associate Director , MMV Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences R552 is a potent and selective RIP1 kinase inhibitor that blocks inflammatory cell death downstream of death receptors. It is being developed at Rigel Pharmaceuticals for treatment of autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. We were very delighted to have Quotient Sciences on board and they worked with us on the formulation development as well as the first-in-human study of R552. During the course of project development, we were very impressed by Quotient Sciences’ responsiveness in communication, efficiency/flexibility in project management, extensive knowledge/experience in formulation development, early-phase clinical trial conduct, and safety monitoring. Quotient Sciences is one of the best development partners that we have ever worked with and would recommend it for future collaborations without any reservation. Dr. Lucy Yan Executive Medical Director , Rigel Therapeutics There is an art to the development of taste-masked oral products for pediatric indications. Quotient Sciences’ expertise in improving the taste, smell, and texture of oral formulations makes them the ideal partner for Crinetics’ pediatric clinical programs R. Scott Struthers PhD Founder & CEO , Crinetics We conducted a 14C human ADME study with Quotient Sciences… We were extremely satisfied with all aspects of the study, including project management, formulation development, manufacture, clinical conduct, and reporting. We would use Quotient Sciences again for this type of study. Oliver Schueller Senior Vice President , Kadmon, a Sanofi Company Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics "The Phase I study of CORT125134 was contracted out to Quotient Sciences, largely due to Quotient Sciences’ ability to integrate manufacturing and dosing on the same site. Dosing decisions could be made very rapidly as soon as data from the previous cohort was available - there was no need to define and manufacture all the doses up front - minimizing delay." Hazel Hunt Chief Scientific Officer , Corcept Therapeutics "Quotient Sciences’ real-time manufacturing capabilities were a key factor in determining the speed at which this study could be concluded, offering the rare combination or GMP manufacturing and clinical administration on the same site, even for complex formulations and dosage forms. This allowed us to progress much faster." Dr. Phil Collis Vice President , BioCryst Pharmaceuticals "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "Quotient Sciences' has been a great partner to work with. Their project management was top-notch and costs remained within budget throughout our collaboration. Their scheduling and execution have been impeccable; the program has run like clockwork. As a client, you can’t really ask for more!" Dr. Ofir Moreno Vice President , MEI Pharma "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "Quotient Sciences has worked with us on several pediatric projects and has been very effective in translating our product concepts into successful prototype formulations. We really appreciate the way they tune in to the broader, long-term objectives of our projects and are agile in delivering specific work packages that will contribute to the overall project’s success. They are skilled in applying their extensive technical expertise and understanding of the full pediatric pharma development process. Importantly, they are great at adapting to change and tenacious when it comes to problem-solving. They have proved to be an essential resource in developing our pediatric portfolio." Clare Geesen Operations Manager , Proveca "Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials... Everything ran very smoothly. We had a very good project manager who was on top of things all the time, and there were no hitches... I would say that Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials." Dr. Andreas Konar Senior Vice President , Xspray Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology "We were impressed by how efficient the Quotient Sciences team was in helping us progress one of our key projects to a successful first in human study." Benoit Bestgen Associate Director , MMV Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences What are your goals? Reach IND Faster How can our drug development program reach the stage of Investigational New Drug Application (IND) faster? Learn More Reach POC/NDA Faster How can our drug development program reach POC / NDA faster? Learn More Reach Commercialization Faster How can you help our drug product launch to market and provide commercial supply? Learn More Save Time & Money How can you save time and reduce our drug development and manufacturing costs? Learn More Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Therapy Areas Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/drug-development/accelerate-your-molecules-pathway-ind-beyond
Accelerating Drug Product Pathways to IND | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact How can our drug development program reach IND faster? Accelerate your program to Investigational New Drug Application (IND). Contact Us Home Solutions What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach IND. Fast. The road to an investigational new drug (IND) application can be long, complex and costly. At Quotient Sciences we have proven that we know what it takes to develop a successful drug candidate — through early development and beyond. Our experienced team, global resources, and scientific capabilities enable us to provide a complete assessment of molecule's developability. We work with you to identify the best drug candidates and mitigate risks for you. Support to help you navigate from discovery to IND Once you get to the IND stage, one of the main challenges is the requirement for extensive documentation. The FDA requires a range of documentation such as: Chemistry, manufacturing and control (CMC) data Pharmacology data Toxicology data As an integrated provider with more than 30 years of experience working on small molecule and peptide drug development programs, we can help your path forward. Introducing the Charles River and Quotient Sciences Collaboration We recently partnered with Charles River, a trusted global provider with a breadth of experience and services that complement our own. By integrating services from both companies, we can offer you a comprehensive solution to help prepare your molecule for clinical trials and increase the likelihood of success beyond IND. Charles River Collaboration Read Blog Drug Substance How to Accelerate Your Molecule’s Pathway to IND and Beyond By: Eleanor Row Read Blog Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/drug-development/accelerate-your-drug-development-timeline-nda
Accelerating Drug Development Timelines to NDA | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact How can our drug development program reach POC / NDA faster? Accelerate your timeline to New Drug Application (NDA). Contact Us Home Solutions What are your goals? Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach your proof-of-concept and new drug application milestones with us. Loading... Getting a molecule to proof-of-concept (POC) and new drug application (NDA) stages are key milestones. Our integrated capabilities, including our flagship Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for drug development, can help you reach those milestones faster. We offer you options for seamless drug product supply for patient trials. A partner you can trust with over 30 years of experience We understand that getting molecules to proof-of-concept (POC) and new drug application (NDA) are key milestones in the development of a new drug candidate. That is why we offer our fully integrated capabilities including our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to reach those milestones faster. From first-in-human testing to seamless drug product supply for patient trials and drug optimization, we operate a cost-effective process that accelerates molecules through key milestones, faster. Accelerate your timelines and reach key milestones faster From your molecule discovery to proof-of-concept (POC) to New Drug Application (NDA), Quotient Sciences are equipped to partner with you to accelerate your drug approval process and reach your key milestones. Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/drug-development/accelerate-your-drug-program-commercial-product-supply
Accelerating Drug Product to Commercial Launch & Supply | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact How can you help our drug product launch to market? Accelerate to commercialization and global supply. Contact Us Home Solutions What are your goals? Reach Commercialization Faster Reach Commercialization. Fast. Loading... Speed-to-market is crucial, but it should never come at the expense of drug product quality. Quotient Sciences are committed to accelerating your drug through its development stages with you — getting you from proof-of-concept (POC) to commercial launch and supply, fast. We have the knowledge, flexibility, and resources to meet your commercial supply needs. We have track record of working with higher-value products that may require lower commercial batch sizes in the market, such as to treat rare diseases and pediatric populations. Our integrated capabilities and expertise make us a unique partner that can accelerate your program We believe in being your flexible partner of choice in developing your molecule. We offer both integrated Translational Pharmaceutics® programs that can accelerate your program from start to finish, as well as individually tailored services for drug product or drug substance development and manufacturing to meet your unique outsourcing requirements. Translational Pharmaceutics Does partnering with a fully integrated services provider really improve your molecule’s chances of clinical and commercial success? By: Dr. Peter Scholes Read Blog Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/drug-development/save-time-reduce-costs
Accelerated Programs Saving Time & Money | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact How can you save time and reduce our drug development and manufacturing costs? Accelerate your program, reduce risk and save costs. Contact Us Home Solutions What are your goals? Time & Cost Savings Save time. Reduce costs. Maintain quality. The drug development process can be expensive, time-consuming, and risky. Efforts to improve efficiency in traditional programs have become more costly. As an integrated provider Quotient Sciences' are uniquely placed to help save time and, reduce costs. Independent Tufts CSDD Study To address the increasing challenge and provide drug developers with valuable insights into alternative approaches, Tufts CSDD conducted a study comparing traditional drug development programs to Quotient Sciences' innovative Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. Our unique platform seamlessly integrates formulation development, manufacturing, and clinical testing. It has been widely adopted by pharmaceutical and biotech companies to expedite drug development throughout the entire development cycle. Leverage the power of Translational Pharmaceutics® Integrated benefits and capabilities that save time and costs Translational Pharmaceutics® offers numerous benefits. These include facilitating the transition of molecules from the First-in-Human (FIH) stage to Proof-of-Concept (POC). It also plays a crucial role in the development and optimization of clinical formulations, including modified release drug products and solubility enhanced dosage forms. By leveraging the power of Translational Pharmaceutics, you can significantly reduce costs, shorten timelines, and mitigate risks associated with traditional drug development programs. Unlock the financial benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics®, demonstrated in the Tufts CSDD study It is a game-changing solution that has the potential to revolutionize the industry and drive unprecedented success. Don't miss out on the opportunity to explore the financial impacts and advantages of adopting Translational Pharmaceutics®. Embrace innovation and take your drug development process to a new level with Quotient Sciences' cutting-edge platform. Download Study What our customers say "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio Translational Pharmaceutics How an integrated approach can accelerate the development of complex drug programs By: Dr. Aruna Railkar Read Blog Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Therapy Areas Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/therapeutic-areas
Therapeutic Areas of Expertise | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Therapeutic Areas You set out to help patients in need. We help you get life-changing treatments to market, fast. Contact Us Home Solutions By therapeutic areas Accelerating what science can do to improve lives. Across the past three decades and all the therapeutic areas that we have supported, we've had an eye for enabling the speed of science, so new treatments can make an impact, fast. Our global reach and unique ability to integrate services — within and across drug substance , drug product , and clinical testing service areas — enables us to do what we do to support small molecule and peptide drug programs. Ready to discuss your next program? Contact Us By therapeutic area Oncology If you are looking to accelerate the development of your oncology drug candidate, we are your ideal partner. Learn More Orphan / Rare Diseases Over 300 million people worldwide live with identified rare diseases. We're ready to help accelerate your program so you can help those in need. Learn More CNS / Neurology Minimize CNS development risk and maximize the probability of success with our expertise. Learn More GI / Gastroenterology We offer extensive preclinical and clinical expertise in the gastrointestinal therapeutic area. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us What are your goals? Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/oncology
Oncology CRO:CDMO Services & Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Oncology How can I accelerate the development of my oncology drug candidate? Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Solutions Oncology Leverage a smarter strategy for optimizing oncology drug products. Loading... The World Cancer Research Fund International estimated that there were 18.1 million cancer cases around the world as of 2020, impacting men and women almost equally. Early identification, prevention, and treatment of cancer remain critical global health challenges. Our aim is to help you push the boundaries of scientific knowledge, working alongside you to transform oncology medicines and make an impact for those in need. Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection through to commercial manufacture and supply The majority of new oncology drugs in development face formulation challenges. Our extensive formulation development expertise coupled with our agile and flexible approach to clinical and commercial manufacturing makes us the ideal partner to provide an end-to-end solution for the development of oncology drug products. In the past 5 years alone, we have worked on over 400 oncology development projects for 91 different oncology drug candidates and 34 different disease indications. A range of oncology drug development services and expertise We offer tailored services that span across—and within—areas of drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing and manufacturing. This means that we can support your program from end-to-end, up to the commercial supply of your drug, to simplify your outsourcing while saving time and money. Connect with us today to learn how we can help support the drug development and manufacturing needs of your oncology program. Download Whitepaper Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Our strategy to help you bring new oncology treatments to market, fast. 1\. Preformulation assessment and formulation development At Quotient Sciences, we emphasize the importance of data-driven decisions in early development. We prioritize the key API characterization data required, which allows our scientific experts to recommend the selection of the appropriate API form as well as inform a data-driven strategy for preclinical and clinical pharmaceutical development based on the Developability Classification System (DCS). With unparalleled biopharmaceutical experience, we factor in and anticipate clinical considerations as well as the in vitro performance of pharmaceutical formulations. Early laboratory prototyping is performed on bench-scale equipment, which mirrors both small-scale and mid-to-large-scale GMP manufacturing, to de-risk process scale-up and development should the molecule achieve its early clinical endpoints. 2\. Clinical development and accelerating to proof-of-concept (POC) Our experts provide the full spectrum of manufacturing and supply paradigms, from traditional large batch manufacturing, through bright stock distribution and personalized manufacturing. There are compelling drivers for small batch sizes, such as conservation of API, and dose flexibility to meet individual subject needs and reduced stability needs. Fundamentally, with personalized manufacturing, the product is made on-demand, only when needed based on patient requirements. Overall, this alternative approach offers a reduction in waste and cost, while maximizing the potential for clinical success. 3\. Formulation optimization and validation of product performance in humans We have demonstrated that formulation flexibility in healthy volunteer trials can be used to develop 'patient-ready' formulations for oncology molecules in less than half the time of the industry standard. This is accomplished by the close integration of real-time manufacturing and clinical testing, also known as Translational Pharmaceutics, which uses a 14-day 'make-test' cycle, enabling formulation decisions to be made based on emerging human data. 4\. Process development, scale-up and clinical manufacturing for Phase II/III Recognizing the need to move rapidly through clinical development, we can efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes from Phase I to meet the demands of later clinical trial requirements and ensure a seamless transition to larger-scale manufacturing and drug product commercialization. 5\. Commercial manufacturing and supply We work with our customers to configure a robust manufacturing and supply chain to meet their needs. We continue to invest in small-scale commercial equipment to broaden the technologies and product formats available and ensure seamless continuity throughout the development life cycle. We can accelerate development programs through registration and process validation and our manufacturing facilities support batch sizes ranging from less than 1 kg to over 500 kg for solid oral dosage forms and up to 350 L for liquid formats. Whether you are preparing for ANDA, NDA, MAA, or Japanese NDA, Quotient Sciences has the expertise and regulatory approval to manufacture your registration and validation batches for the U.S., U.K., Europe, and Japan. Our expert team also has significant experience in supporting 505(b)(2) and all post-approval change filings. Ask the experts Consult our scientific panel Meet Our Team What our customers have to say Read real testimonials from our customers about their experiences bringing their oncology drug programs to us. "Quotient Sciences' has been a great partner to work with. Their project management was top-notch and costs remained within budget throughout our collaboration. Their scheduling and execution have been impeccable; the program has run like clockwork. As a client, you can’t really ask for more!" Dr. Ofir Moreno Vice President , MEI Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology "Quotient Sciences' has been a great partner to work with. Their project management was top-notch and costs remained within budget throughout our collaboration. Their scheduling and execution have been impeccable; the program has run like clockwork. As a client, you can’t really ask for more!" Dr. Ofir Moreno Vice President , MEI Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology "Quotient Sciences' has been a great partner to work with. Their project management was top-notch and costs remained within budget throughout our collaboration. Their scheduling and execution have been impeccable; the program has run like clockwork. As a client, you can’t really ask for more!" Dr. Ofir Moreno Vice President , MEI Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/orphan-rare-diseases
Orphan Rare Diseases CRO:CDMO Services & Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Orphan Drugs & Rare Diseases How can I accelerate the development of my rare disease drug candidate? Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Solutions Orphan Drugs & Rare Diseases We help you give new hope to those who are affected by rare diseases. Loading... 400 million people around the world are affected by a rare disease. Half of those patients are children. In the United States alone, over 7,000 rare diseases affect more than 30 million people. The FDA has approved hundreds of drugs for rare diseases in the four decades since the Orphan Drug Act was signed into law in 1983. Still to this day, most rare diseases do not have FDA-approved treatments. Many difficulties remain in bringing new medicines for rare diseases to market, ranging from limited R&D budgets to challenging clinical recruitment. Accelerating the orphan drug development pathway The development of treatments to address unmet needs in rare disease is an area of our expertise. We have supported over 50 development programs for rare diseases in the past five years alone. Our extensive formulation development and clinical pharmacology expertise, coupled with our agile and flexible approach to clinical manufacturing and commercial manufacturing , make us your ideal partner to make a difference in patients' lives. Integrated capabilities and expertise for orphan drug development From pre-formulation and formulation development, through to clinical development and scale-up for commercial manufacturing, we provide an end-to-end solution for the development of orphan drug products. Our capabilities for orphan drug development include: Pre-formulation and API characterization Formulation and process development First-in-human clinical testing and acceleration into POC trials Bespoke clinical trial manufacturing and supply (Phase I-III) of drug products into patient trials Rapid scale-up and commercial manufacturing of low-volume products Download Whitepaper Articles & Publications, Dr. Paul Quigley, John McDermott DCAT Value Chain Insights - CDMO Roundtable: Managing Orphan Drug Projects Read More Our goal is to help you bring new rare disease treatments to market, fast. As a fully integrated drug development, clinical testing and manufacturing organization, Quotient Sciences addresses the challenges associated with orphan drug development. We are dedicated to accelerating the development of new drugs for patients around the world, providing individual services or fully integrated programs through our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® drug development platform. Contact us today to learn how we can help support the development and manufacturing needs of your orphan drug program. Contact Us Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/cns-neurology
CNS / Neurology CRO:CDMO Services & Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact CNS / Neurology How can I accelerate the development of my central nervous system (CNS) drug candidate? Contact Us Home Solutions CNS / Neurology Minimize CNS development risk and maximize the probability of success with our expertise. Clinical understanding of central nervous system (CNS) and neurology is incomplete. CNS clinical development programs have among the highest failure rates across all therapeutic areas. Quotient Sciences can support you by minimizing development risk. Accelerating CNS neurology drug development from candidate selection to commercial manufacture and supply CNS drug development brings specific challenges, working with you we make it our mission to bring innovative and potentially life-changing medicines to an unmet patient need. We offer over 30 years of experience in candidate selection, formulation development and optimization and clinical pharmacology. Our integrated preclinical, clinical, and manufacturing scientific experts make us the ideal partner to get your CNS program moving forward, fast. Integrated capabilities and expertise We are committed to helping you find therapeutic treatments an unmet clinical need. Our approach offers a comprehensive solution for the development of CNS therapeutics, covering candidate selection to commercial manufacturing. Choosing to partner with us means you can benefit from our extensive knowledge and unique integration in formulation development , clinical pharmacology , agile clinical manufacturing , and commercial manufacturing Working together we have an unswerving belief in making a positive impact on the lives of patients and humanity. Our strategy in CNS/ Neurology We are committed to accelerating the development of new medicines for patients worldwide. As a unique drug development and manufacturing accelerator that combines drug development, clinical testing, and manufacturing, we can tackle the challenges that our customers entrust us with, to develop drug programs, fast. We provide individually tailored services or fully integrated programs through our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. Contact us today to learn how we can help support the development and manufacturing needs of your gastroenterology drug development program. Contact Us Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/gi-gastroenterology
GI / Gastroenterology CRO:CDMO Services & Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact GI / Gastroenterology How can I accelerate the development of my gastrointestinal and inflammation (GI) drug candidate? Contact Us Home Solutions GI / Gastroenterology We offer extensive preclinical and clinical expertise in the gastrointestinal therapeutic area. To make a difference, it is crucial to comprehend the impact of GI and inflammatory diseases on daily lives. These conditions disrupt routines, and can cause emotional distress alongside physical pain. Quotient Sciences' therapeutic expertise can help. Accelerating gastroenterology drug development from candidate selection to commercial manufacture and supply Our manifesto is to take molecules and turn them into cures, fast. Working with you, and for patients suffering from gastrointestinal (GI) and inflammatory diseases, we can help by providing innovative and transformative strategies to identify your best drug candidates for future therapeutic medicines that will improve lives. With our extensive experience in gastroenterology spanning over 30 years, we have the formulation development and clinical pharmacology expertise in inflammation to develop treatments for conditions with unmet clinical needs. Needs such as inflammatory bowel disease, celiac disease, psoriasis, advanced liver disease, and neurogastric disorders. Integrated capabilities and expertise We are dedicated to advancing scientific research and clinical medicine to enhance disease management for all individuals affected by GI and inflammatory diseases. From pre-formulation and formulation development through clinical development and scale-up for commercial manufacturing, our strategy presents an end-to-end solution for the development of gastrointestinal and inflammation therapeutics. Partnering with you, leverage our extensive formulation know-how, clinical pharmacology expertise, agile clinical manufacturing and commercial manufacturing, to help make a difference to patients lives. Our strategy in Gastroenterology We are dedicated to accelerating the development of new medicines for patients around the world. As a unique, fully integrated drug development, clinical testing and manufacturing organization, we can address the unmet challenges associated with developing programs for drug development, fast. We provide individually tailored services or fully integrated programs through our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. Contact us today to learn how we can help support the development and manufacturing needs of your gastroenterology drug development program. Contact Us Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/specialized-manufacturing
Specialized Drug Product Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Specialized Drug Manufacturing How do we maximize the potential of our product and mitigate manufacturing risks? Contact Us Home Solutions By specialized manufacturing need Meeting the challenges of specialized drug manufacturing. Now, more than ever, you need to control costs and maximize the potential of your product, without compromising quality. This is especially true for specialized drug manufacturing. Quotient Sciences understand, we are uniquely positioned to help you. We are fully equipped to take new drug products to market, offering a range of specialized manufacturing services Once your new product reaches late development and the commercial stages, reducing risk and maximizing it's market opportunity traditionally requires partnering with a another manufacturer. As a unique, integrated service provider, we are the one and only partner you will need thanks to our specialized drug manufacturing capabilities that are in-house across our global network of state-of-the-art facilities. By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics We provide customized solutions to meet your unique pediatric program needs. Learn More Solubility Enhancement Overcome solubility challenges with your molecule. Learn More Modified Release Overcome solubility challenges with your molecule. Learn More Peptides We can overcome the challenges posed by peptides and accelerate peptide-based therapeutic programs. Learn More Aseptic Manufacturing Our innovative approach enables rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration. Learn More Inhaled Dosage Forms Our innovative approach enables rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration. Learn More High Potency Commercial Manufacturing Leverage our expertise to overcome challenges in HPAPIs manufacturing Our Capabilities Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/pediatrics
Pediatric Formulation & Drug Product Development| Quotient Sciences Skip to
main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers
Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and
manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our
Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer
trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn
about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the
years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet
our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational
Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn
More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development
timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development
Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating
molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products
through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage,
our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program.
Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug
Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic
labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation,
solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing
Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs.
Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process
validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy
compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative
biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data
management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development
Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C
Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials.
Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your
goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster
Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS /
Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics
Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage
Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are
your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization
Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases
CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need
Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development
stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial
Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines
Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial
supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work
successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and
insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand
Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars
on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles
written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new
scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters.
Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical
drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of
oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with
identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Pediatric
Formulation & Development Customized solutions to meet unique pediatric
program needs. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Solutions Pediatrics
Translating regulatory challenges into pediatric formulation solutions.
Loading... Patient needs and regulatory requirements are driving the
development of age-appropriate formulations. The demand for pediatric dosage
forms continues to increase; however, the number of approved pediatric drug
treatments on the market remains substantially less than those for adults.
Legislation in the US and EU also requires the submission of pediatric plans
at given points in the adult development of a new medicine. These factors have
made the development of acceptable pediatric formulations a highlight in the
development of modern medicines for over two decades. To meet both patient and
regulatory expectations, there are several key steps for consideration in the
development of a pediatric dosage form. Quotient Sciences' expertise in
pediatrics formulation development , combined with our global drug product
manufacturing and clinical testing capabilities, enables us to provide a
unique solution for your drug program's needs. Pediatric formulation and
product development Several factors must be considered when developing a
pediatric product that achieves clinical, regulatory, and commercial success:
The route of administration The safety profile Taste and palatability The
child’s age, weight, and physiologic condition The treatment plan’s
requirements We bring a wealth of insight to every pediatric drug program. Our
team has decades of experience in developing palatable pediatric formulations
in the over-the-counter (OTC) and consumer healthcare industry. We can support
you with the development and testing of customized pediatric pharmaceutical
formulations to achieve your program's milestones. Expert insight on pediatric
drug development Quotient Sciences' experts share formulation development,
clinical testing strategies, and drug product manufacturing strategies when
developing pediatric products. Read the first part of our three-part blog
series by Nazim Kanji, Executive Director, Pediatric Services at Quotient
Sciences. Pediatrics, Formulation Development The challenges and opportunities
of Pediatric Dosage Form Development: Part 1 - Program Design and Formulation
Development By: Nazim Kanji Read Blog Pediatric formulation development
capabilities Taste masking We have an extensive track record developing age-
appropriate dosage forms of aversive, bitter drug substances using a range of
taste-modifying and taste-masking techniques without compromising on product
stability and PK performance. Taste assessment and PK studies Using our
integrated GMP manufacturing and clinical testing platform, we perform rapid,
adaptive trials in humans to optimize taste attributes and PK performance.
This provides you with the clinical validation that you need prior to
proceeding to your pediatric trials. Global patient clinical supplies We
manufacture, package, release and supply GMP drug products ready for dosing on
a worldwide basis, in line with your study and recruitment needs. Our flexible
options range from a personalized, per-patient basis to more traditional batch
manufacturing. Commercial manufacture Our production facilities in
Philadelphia, PA are fully inspected and approved by FDA, EMA, PMDA and DEA
and specialize in low-volume products. We support regulatory processes for
your pediatric investigation plans and pediatric study plans. Go further with
Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech
organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational
Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance,
drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch
Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us
Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us
Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms
of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/solubility-enhancement
Solubility Enhancement | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Solubility Enhancement Overcome solubility challenges with your molecule. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Solubility Enhancement Accelerate the development of poorly soluble drugs, with our help. Loading... Recognizing that poor solubility is becoming increasingly prevalent in drug pipelines, Quotient Sciences has has established a broad suite of technologies and formulation approaches to solve your solubility challenges. Accelerating the Development of Enabled Formulations for Poorly Soluble Drugs using Translational Pharmaceutics® As the number of poorly soluble compounds continues to increase in the industry development pipeline, conventional formulation strategies may not be sufficient to achieve acceptable levels of solubility. Our expertise in formulation development can help you achieve clinical success, even for the most challenging molecules. In our latest whitepaper, learn about the benefits of using Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform of integrated drug substance, drug product and clinical testing activities to reduce the time and cost of bringing drugs to market. Download Whitepaper Translational Pharmaceutics® Spray Drying One proven method of improving the solubility and bioavailability of your drug candidates is spray drying. The technique involves dissolving the drug in an organic solvent in the presence of a polymer. The resulting solution is then spray dried to form a dispersion (a spray-dried dispersion or SDD). Quotient Sciences has a track record of developing and manufacturing SDDs to overcome poor drug solubility and delivery challenges. Over the past several years, we have advanced more than 25 SDD formulations into clinical studies. Using state-of-the-art equipment, including ProCepT spray dryers for up to 1 kg batches and a Niro Mobile Minor spray dryer for batches of 1 to 10 kg, we develop your SDDs using both aqueous and solvent-based processing intended for both oral and inhaled drug delivery. Developed SDDs can be administered either as powder-in-bottle reconstitution prior to dosing or formulated as a powder-in-capsule or tablet presentation. Spray Drying Lipidic Vehicles and Complexes Recent years have seen lipid-based drug delivery systems and complexes become increasingly important tools in the quest to improve the oral bioavailability of poorly soluble drugs. Lipid-based solubility enhancement has developed from the observation that many poorly water-soluble drugs see an improvement in bioavailability when administered with a fat-rich meal; essentially the stimulation of biliary secretion can promote drug solubilization within the GI tract. Lipidic vehicles are designed to mimic this effect by pre-dissolving the drug within an appropriate lipid structure, thus bypassing the need for the poorly soluble, crystalline material to dissolve in situ. Similarly, cyclodextrin drug-inclusion complexes act to improve aqueous solubility by essentially shielding the hydrophobic drug within an interior cavity of the hydrophilic cyclodextrin, thus enabling the entire complex to drive improved oral bioavailability. Quotient Sciences has expertise in the development of lipid-based and complex drug delivery vehicles. We can help you screen for a range of lipidic and complexation vehicles including self-emulsifying drug delivery systems, self-microemulsifying drug delivery systems, single oil phases and cyclodextrins. Your formulations are then characterized in vitro, prior to progression into the clinic. Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/modified-release
Modified Release Formulation Development Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Modified Release Formulation Development Optimize your modified-release formulations. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Modified Release Formulation Development Get expert support for your modified-release programs. Loading... Although modified-release (MR) formulations offer many therapeutic benefits, there are many challenges to overcome when trying to develop this type of formulation. Quotient Sciences has the expertise to help develop your modified-release form, with the insight to support even the most challenging modified-release programs. Download Info Sheet Rising to the challenge of MR formulations The popularity of modified-release (MR) dosage forms continues to rise due to the many therapeutic benefits that they offer for both drug developers and patients. Oral MR formulations are designed to control the rate and/or location of drug release in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. In contrast to immediate-release (IR) formulations, MR dosage forms can offer: maintenance of drug plasma concentrations over a prolonged period to reduce dosing frequency attenuation of drug peak-to-trough ratios to reduce peak-related adverse events (AEs) and improve efficacy drug delivery to targeted regions of the GI tract for localized treatment. Extensive formulation expertise in an end-to-end solution At Quotient Sciences, we have supported more than 100 MR development programs over the past decade across a wide variety of therapeutic areas. We have designed modified-release formulations in gastro-retention, sustained-release, pulsatile-release and other formats. Our extensive background in formulation, along with our agile and flexible approach to clinical and commercial manufacturing, makes us the ideal partner in the development of the development of your MR drug products. More insight about modified-release formats: Modified-release format Objective Formulation technology Gastro-retention Keep the formulation in the stomach for an extended period to maximize the duration of absorption or therapeutic activity Swellable tablets (monolithic, bilayer, trilayer) Gastro-resistant Prevent release of the drug in the stomach and/or upper gastrointestinal (GI) tract Overcome first-pass metabolism or gastric irritation Enteric-coated tablets or capsules Sustained or extended release Extend the in-vivo release profile of the drug or enable once-daily dosing Matrix tablets, coated tablets, or multiparticulates Targeted or controlled delivery Release the drug at or near the intended site of absorption or action Have either immediate-release or extended-release characteristics Deliver time-, pH-, or microbially-triggered release Tablets, capsules, or multiparticulates Biphasic release Eliminate the need for repeat dosing Provide rapid therapeutic effect from an immediate-release layer and extended dosing from a sustained-release layer Bilayer tablets or multiparticulates Pulsatile release Release the drug as a pulse after a pre-determined lag time, designed according to the body’s circadian rhythm Provide a release mechanism beneficial for drugs where time-dependent dosing is required or those that undergo first-pass metabolism Bilayer tablets or multiparticulates Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/peptide-drug-development
Peptide Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Peptide Drug Development Accelerating peptide therapeutics with patients in mind. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Solutions Peptides Helping get new treatment options to patients, faster. Loading... Peptides are growing in popularity as a therapeutic niche due to their high selectivity, and potency. Their properties can pose challenges in formulation development and drug delivery. We have deep formulation development experience spanning over 30 years, with expertise in accelerating peptide programs. Accelerate the development of your peptide therapeutic drug product Peptide drug products are a rapidly growing area within the pharmaceutical industry for oncology, metabolic disease, and rare and orphan indications. However, the complexity and unique physicochemical properties of peptides present many challenges to drug developers. We understand that each peptide is unique and that there is no 'one-size-fits-all' approach to formulation design . With over 30 years of experience working on a variety of peptide programs for a range of delivery routes, our scientists are skilled at developing strategies to reduce degradation and instability while maximizing absorption and bioavailability. What is a peptide? As polymers of amino acids, peptides are neither small molecules nor large biologics. Peptides are typically water soluble, hydrophilic, and charged, so they are poorly absorbed across the skin and mucosal membranes. Historically, peptides have mainly been administered via injection, but with recent advancements in enabling formulation technologies, alternative routes of delivery, such as oral dosage forms, are becoming more prevalent. Experts in formulation development Quotient Sciences' approach to formulation development is based on the physical, chemical, and biopharmaceutic properties of each peptide, and we build robust, fit-for-purpose early development programs that meet Investigational New Drug Application (IND) and other regulatory requirements. Peptide characterization and preformulation Biopharmaceutics profiling to guide route of delivery and formulation strategy Pre-clinical and clinical formulation development and optimization Phase I clinical assessment in healthy volunteers Dosage forms for delivery routes Oral, including regional delivery Parenteral, including intravenous (IV), subcutaneous (SC), and intramuscular (IM) Inhaled Nasal Topical Rectal Vaginal Clinical testing capabilities First-in-human (FIH) studies Relative bioavailability studies to optimize drug delivery technology performance Absolute bioavailability studies Bioanalysis Candidate development In this phase, we develop an experimental plan that is tailored to the stage of development and the availability and purity of your drug substance, often using material-sparing approaches. This enables us to recommend a lead molecule and a drug delivery strategy to pursue for in-vivo animal studies. We can support: Analytical development using appropriate techniques Liquid chromatography with mass spectrometry (LC-MS) Reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC)/ultra-performance liquid chromatography (UPLC) with ultraviolet (UV), size-exclusion, and charged aerosol detection Light scattering methods Chemical stabilization (solid and solution state) Assessment of aggregation and binding Characterization in biorelevant conditions In-vitro permeability assessment Bioanalysis Preclinical development Peptides often present unique stability and permeability challenges, so we provide a well-designed and adaptive plan for pre-clinical in-vivo screening and safety assessments. Our expertise includes: Solution development for oral and IV dosing Animal model selection appropriate for the drug delivery strategy Permeability enhancement by use of excipients and targeted drug delivery Safety assessment and dose selection of permeation enhancers Clinical development The clinical performance of a peptide can deviate from the outcome predicted by pre-clinical data. For non-parenteral routes, such as oral and nasal delivery, a complex formulation approach may be required for the FIH trial. Our scientists are experienced with: Formulation design for a wide range of FIH dosage forms Adaptive clinical trial design solutions that allow dose strength and/or functional excipient selection based on emerging pharmacokinetic (PK) data Use of controlled-release coatings and permeation-enhancing excipients for oral, nasal, and other non-parenteral formulations Imaging using gamma scintigraphy to evaluate dosage form performance in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract Sterile manufacturing of peptide products for IV, SC, and IM injection Integrated strategies to accelerate peptide development At Quotient Sciences, our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform accelerates peptide development by integrating formulation development, real-time adaptive manufacturing, and clinical testing, all under one organization and a single program manager. Flexible study protocols and rapid 'make-test' cycles enable formulation optimization in real-time based on arising clinical data, which reduces development risks, maximizes the probability of success, and saves time and costs. Key applications include: Accelerating molecules from FIH to proof of concept (POC) Selecting and optimizing clinical formulations Optimizing formulations to minimize injection site reactions Managing route switches from parenteral to alternative routes such as oral delivery Translational Pharmaceutics, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Peptide Drug Development Case Study: Stealth BioTherapeutics Read Case Study Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/development-stage
Solutions For Drug Development Stages | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Stages of Drug Development How can you help our drug candidate reach its potential faster? Contact Us Home Solutions By development stage Translating your ideas into solutions. Fast. We have the expertise to accelerate your studies with uncompromising quality, at any stage of development. At all stages of development, we are focused on your program. From selecting the right candidates, to navigating and simplifying early phase development, and ramping up for commercial manufacturing, we'll help you achieve your goals. Innovations in medicine can't wait. We understand the increasing time and cost pressures that you face, and are an experienced partner to help you navigate through them. Preclinical .How can you help select the best drug candidates to develop? Learn More Early: Phase I / IIa How can you help our program complete a Phase I/II early clinical study? Learn More Late: Phase IIb / III How can you accelerate our program through late development? Learn More Commercial How can you accelerate our program through to commercial launch? Learn More Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Therapy Areas Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/development-stage/preclinical
Preclinical Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Preclinical Studies How can you select the best drug candidates to develop? Contact Us Home Solutions By development stage Preclinical Identifying the optimal drug candidate. Fast. Loading... The assessment of a drug candidate's 'developability' is one of the most crucial drug development phases. Quotient Sciences unique integration of scientific capabilities enables us to provide a complete assessment and rapidly identify the best candidates. Rapidly identify the best drug candidates with the help of Quotient Sciences Nominated drug candidates entering preclinical studies often have sub-optimal properties and complications and inefficiencies with preclinical studies can create costly delays. Our expert scientific teams embrace the challenge that is presented by new drug candidates and rapidly understand how to design the appropriate formulation strategy and how to move quickly and successfully into early-phase clinical trials. We recognize it is important to you that we identify developability risks and take steps to mitigate these factors, balanced carefully against time and your financial investment. A partner your can trust for your preclinical development studies We are focused on providing flexible solutions for your preclinical studies. We aim to accelerate your timelines and have an unswerving belief in trying to get medicines to patients in need, faster. Our scientific experts help you anticipate challenges, avoid delays, and expedite preclinical trials with a wide array of cutting-edge preclinical services, including a collaboration with Charles River . Using state-of-the-art technologies in a global network of facilities, we plan and implement preclinical studies designed with your program's goals in mind. Charles River Collaboration Global Locations Industry Collaboration Introducing the Charles River and Quotient Sciences Collaboration By: Eleanor Row & Russell Scammell Read Blog Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/development-stage/early-clinical-phase-i-iia
Early Clinical Development Phase I-IIa Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Early Clinical: Phase I-IIa Trials How can you help our program complete a Phase I/II early clinical study? Contact Us Home Solutions By development stage Phase I / IIa Trials Accelerate from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC). Fast. Loading... You need an approach that accelerates scientific breakthroughs and controls costs, without compromising quality. Quotient Sciences can help you track the impact of new drugs and reach POC faster with innovative early clinical development strategies. Work with one dedicated, integrated partner – no need for multiple vendors Our integrated network of highly specialized facilities accelerate early Phase I clinical trials, we provide you with the added flexibility and proven methods best suited to your specific study. We have over 30 years of experience in FIH studies and have worked on over 1,300 Phase I Studies for customers globally. FIH Studies Global Locations Dedicated to your Phase I study Purpose-built Phase I units in the US and UK 229 beds globally Experienced team of 16 physicians and principal investigators Database of more than 25,000 healthy volunteers UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)- and US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-inspected facilities Industry-leading US Institutional Review Board (IRB) and UK Clinical Trial Authorization (CTA) approval timelines The only partner with pharmacy compounding and GMP manufacturing options in-house Integrated Pharmacy Compounding offers our customers a quick and simple way to start FIH clinical testing, without the need for extensive CMC investment or API consumption. We provide a unique integrated solution with pharmacy compounding and GMP manufacturing delivered in-house. This helps our customers achieve their proof-of-concept milestone faster, saving precious clinical development time and money. This means you can begin your First-in-Human (FIH) Phase I testing with a fit-for-purpose, simple pharmacy preparation, and then seamlessly transition to a Phase II ready formulation for proof-of-concept (POC) all within one organization, Quotient Sciences. Integrated Pharmacy Compounding Our solution means that dose preparations can be made in 'real-time' giving you the flexibility to make quick and informed changes to the dose or formulation based on human data in order to respond to changes in the FIH protocol design. The long-term goal is to advance the molecule into Phase II patient trials. Our compounding pharmacy, GMP manufacturing and clinical pharmacology services are fully integrated and led by industry leading project managers. Uniquely we compress timelines throughout the clinical development phases by working together, without the need for multiple vendors. Info Sheet Learn More Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/development-stage/late-phase-IIb-III
Late Phase IIb-III Clinical Trial Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Late Stage: Phase IIb-III Clinical Trials How can you accelerate our program through late development? Contact Us Home Solutions By development stage Phase IIb / III Accelerate your clinical development with our research solutions. Loading... As late phase clinical studies can become complex, Quotient Sciences brings innovation and the expertise needed to minimize delays and mitigate risks in your program with our uniquely integrated approach. We are the only vendor you will need. Leverage our unique integrated capabilities and global network to accelerate your late clinical development stages At both our facilities in Reading, UK and Philadelphia in the US we have the specialist capabilities required for late stage manufacturing. Both of these facilities allow our customers to seamlessly scale-up their development programs from the early phases within our network of other global facilities. This allows our customers to accelerate their programs as their is no need to work with multiple vendors which can cause delays and increase costs. Why partnering with Quotient Sciences through Phase II to Phase III can accelerate your program We have the necessary expertise and understand that late phase clinical development trials must establish the effectiveness, safety, and cost-effectiveness of a product on a larger scale. We need to provide sufficient evidence and quality data, for the drug's market approval submission. We offer: An integrated scientific team with over 30 years of experience A faster, more cost-effective route to market We can shorten timelines by over 12 months Rapid, quality clinical data drives drug product optimization One vendor, streamlined outsourcing Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/development-stage/commercial
Commercial Launch & Supply Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Commercial Launch & Supply How can you accelerate our program through to commercial launch? Contact Us Home Solutions By development stage Commercial Accelerate the path from proof-of-concept to commercial launch. Loading... The path from proof-of-concept to commercial launch can be complex. Speed is critical, but it should not be at the expense of product quality. Quotient Sciences' offer commercial solutions tailored to the specific product and market needs. Drug product scale up and commercial launch We manufacture a range of dosage forms - from the simple to the complex – with a track-record of working with higher-value products that may require lower batch sizes in the market; such as those for oncology therapies, orphan/rare diseases, and pediatric indications. Getting you to commercial launch, fast We offer commercial manufacturing solutions tailored to the specific product and market needs. Rather than dictating minimum batch sizes to our customers, we partner with you to offer flexible, versatile manufacturing space, resource and scheduling to accommodate the needs of your individual project to deliver success. We have over 30 years of global experience, and are a trusted partner in providing the expertise to get life-saving medicines to patients, faster. At a Glance Unique integration offers rapid technology transfer and scale-up Our unique integrated approach makes it seamless to transfer technology from lab scale to pilot scale to commercial manufacturing. We can easily transfer existing products and processes from another contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO). Capabilities, quality, and experience dealing with HPAPIs Whether you need to manufacture a new commercial product or extend your commercial supply chain for an existing product, we have the experience and capabilities to help you overcome the challenges that highly potent APIs (HPAPIs) pose and minimize risk. State-of-the-art, FDA, EMA and PMD approved US and UK facilities Our global, state-of-the-art global facilities are ready for your pharmaceutical commercial manufacturing challenge. We support all aspects of Phase III clinical & commercial supply We can support all aspects of your drug product supply for Phase III clinical studies and commercial supply. That includes the manufacture of all oral drug product dosage forms in our US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-, European Medicines Agency (EMA)-, and Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA)-approved facilities. Simple to transfer existing products and processes from another CDMO We have expertise across all key areas; development, analytical, manufacturing, quality, and regulatory. We will help to mitigate risks and can seamlessly transfer existing products and processes, minimizing risk. Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-product
Drug Product Development & Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Product Development & Manufacturing Science-first, we provide individually tailored or integrated drug product services from formulation development to clinical trial manufacturing and commercial production. Contact Us Home Drug Product An experienced, flexible drug product development and manufacturing partner. Drug product development and optimization can be challenging due to the increasing complexity of biotherapeutics and the changing regulatory landscape slowing it down. Quotient Sciences' partner with you to bring life-changing medicines to patients, fast. At Quotient Sciences, we have over 30 years of expertise in a wide range of drug product services for all common dosage forms Quotient Sciences' expertise and integrated capabilities can take your molecule through discovery, pre-formulation and formulation activities, through to the manufacture of clinical trial materials. We help you bring your product to market as quickly as possible through our breadth of services and expertise. We streamline the transition from pre-formulation to clinical, and commercial supply. We are also experienced in analytical services for all phases of drug product development and commercial manufacture and also offer a unique delivery platform called Translational Pharmaceutics® . This is a trusted and proven platform, launched in 2008, that can shorten drug development times by more than 12 months. At a Glance 1\. Preformulation assessment and formulation development At Quotient Sciences, we emphasize the importance of data-driven decisions in early development. We prioritize the key API characterization data required, which allows our scientific experts to recommend the selection of the appropriate API form as well as inform a data-driven strategy for preclinical and clinical pharmaceutical development based on the Developability Classification System (DCS). With unparalleled biopharmaceutical experience, we factor in and anticipate clinical considerations as well as the in vitro performance of pharmaceutical formulations. Early laboratory prototyping is performed on bench-scale equipment, which mirrors both small-scale and mid-to-large-scale GMP manufacturing, to de-risk process scale-up and development should the molecule achieve its early clinical endpoints. 2\. Clinical development and accelerating to proof-of-concept (POC) Our experts provide the full spectrum of manufacturing and supply paradigms, from traditional large batch manufacturing, through bright stock distribution and personalized manufacturing. There are compelling drivers for small batch sizes, such as conservation of API, and dose flexibility to meet individual subject needs and reduced stability needs. Fundamentally, with personalized manufacturing, the product is made on-demand, only when needed based on patient requirements. Overall, this alternative approach offers a reduction in waste and cost, while maximizing the potential for clinical success. 3\. Formulation optimization and validation of product performance in humans We have demonstrated that formulation flexibility in healthy volunteer trials can be used to develop 'patient-ready' formulations for oncology molecules in less than half the time of the industry standard. This is accomplished by the close integration of real-time manufacturing and clinical testing, also known as Translational Pharmaceutics, which uses a 14-day 'make-test' cycle, enabling formulation decisions to be made based on emerging human data. 4\. Process development, scale-up and clinical manufacturing for Phase II/III Recognizing the need to move rapidly through clinical development, we can efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes from Phase I to meet the demands of later clinical trial requirements and ensure a seamless transition to larger-scale manufacturing and drug product commercialization. 5\. Commercial manufacturing and supply We work with our customers to configure a robust manufacturing and supply chain to meet their needs. We continue to invest in small-scale commercial equipment to broaden the technologies and product formats available and ensure seamless continuity throughout the development life cycle. We can accelerate development programs through registration and process validation and our manufacturing facilities support batch sizes ranging from less than 1 kg to over 500 kg for solid oral dosage forms and up to 350 L for liquid formats. Whether you are preparing for ANDA, NDA, MAA, or Japanese NDA, Quotient Sciences has the expertise and regulatory approval to manufacture your registration and validation batches for the U.S., U.K., Europe, and Japan. Our expert team also has significant experience in supporting 505(b)(2) and all post-approval change filings. Drug Product Services Formulation Development We have over 30 years of experience in formulation development services for small molecules and synthetic peptides. We create simple and complex dosag... Learn More Clinical Trial Manufacturing Tailored to meet the needs of clinical trial design and clinical manufacturing, focused on producing drugs for use in clinical research. Learn More Commercial Manufacturing Quotient Sciences manufactures a range of simple to complex dosage forms, with a track record of working with higher-value products that may require l... Learn More Global Clinical Trial Supplies We can facilitate global clinical trial supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. Our clinical trial supply team works with you ... Learn More Drug Product Development and Manufacturing At Quotient Sciences we diligently accelerate your candidate through the drug product development pathway, quickly and safely. Whether you are looking for the development of a preclinical formulation or the manufacture of clinical trial material, our drug product experts are on-hand to collaborate with you. Together we make sure that you meet your molecule’s milestones promptly, solving problems, saving time and overcoming the most complex development challenges. Our Manifesto Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Formulation Development Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/drug-development
Drug Development: Accelerate Your Program | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact What are your drug development goals? We are focused on meeting your goals. Contact Us Home Solutions What are your goals? Lets understand your challenges and goals, and accelerate your program. From drug candidate selection, early development through late development and commercial supply, there are many stages and challenges to overcome to meet your programs goals. Quotient Sciences is uniquely positioned at any stage to partner with you. Why are you uniquely positioned to help my drug program move forwards, toward my goals? We are a renowned global drug development accelerator. Our unique and innovative approach to development extends beyond traditional CRO & CDMO outsourcing paradigms by providing an integrated platform that combines drug substance, formulation development, real-time adaptive manufacturing and clinical testing under one organization and a single program manager. We have over 30 years of experience in small molecule drug substance synthesis and manufacturing, drug product formulation development, clinical trial manufacturing, commercial launch and supply as well as our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® drug accelerator platform. An end-to-end drug development partner you can trust. We partner with emerging biotechnology and large pharmaceutical companies to develop the next generations of therapies that make a difference for those that need them the most. Customer Testimonials Leverage our integrated programs to bridge molecule discovery into clinical development Bringing together over a century of industry experience to your program, Quotient Sciences recently introduced a collaboration with Charles River who have deep expertise in medicinal chemistry, biology, DMPK, early pharmaceutics, and non-clinical safety. This, coupled with Quotient Sciences' expertise in drug substance synthesis, drug product development, manufacturing, and clinical testing creates a solution with a full set of deliverables to help get your molecule 'clinic ready', and improve your chances of clinical success. Charles River Collaboration Read Blog What our customers say "Quotient Sciences has worked with us on several pediatric projects and has been very effective in translating our product concepts into successful prototype formulations. We really appreciate the way they tune in to the broader, long-term objectives of our projects and are agile in delivering specific work packages that will contribute to the overall project’s success. They are skilled in applying their extensive technical expertise and understanding of the full pediatric pharma development process. Importantly, they are great at adapting to change and tenacious when it comes to problem-solving. They have proved to be an essential resource in developing our pediatric portfolio." Clare Geesen Operations Manager , Proveca "Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials... Everything ran very smoothly. We had a very good project manager who was on top of things all the time, and there were no hitches... I would say that Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials." Dr. Andreas Konar Senior Vice President , Xspray Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology "We were impressed by how efficient the Quotient Sciences team was in helping us progress one of our key projects to a successful first in human study." Benoit Bestgen Associate Director , MMV Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences R552 is a potent and selective RIP1 kinase inhibitor that blocks inflammatory cell death downstream of death receptors. It is being developed at Rigel Pharmaceuticals for treatment of autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. We were very delighted to have Quotient Sciences on board and they worked with us on the formulation development as well as the first-in-human study of R552. During the course of project development, we were very impressed by Quotient Sciences’ responsiveness in communication, efficiency/flexibility in project management, extensive knowledge/experience in formulation development, early-phase clinical trial conduct, and safety monitoring. Quotient Sciences is one of the best development partners that we have ever worked with and would recommend it for future collaborations without any reservation. Dr. Lucy Yan Executive Medical Director , Rigel Therapeutics There is an art to the development of taste-masked oral products for pediatric indications. Quotient Sciences’ expertise in improving the taste, smell, and texture of oral formulations makes them the ideal partner for Crinetics’ pediatric clinical programs R. Scott Struthers PhD Founder & CEO , Crinetics We conducted a 14C human ADME study with Quotient Sciences… We were extremely satisfied with all aspects of the study, including project management, formulation development, manufacture, clinical conduct, and reporting. We would use Quotient Sciences again for this type of study. Oliver Schueller Senior Vice President , Kadmon, a Sanofi Company Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics "The Phase I study of CORT125134 was contracted out to Quotient Sciences, largely due to Quotient Sciences’ ability to integrate manufacturing and dosing on the same site. Dosing decisions could be made very rapidly as soon as data from the previous cohort was available - there was no need to define and manufacture all the doses up front - minimizing delay." Hazel Hunt Chief Scientific Officer , Corcept Therapeutics "Quotient Sciences’ real-time manufacturing capabilities were a key factor in determining the speed at which this study could be concluded, offering the rare combination or GMP manufacturing and clinical administration on the same site, even for complex formulations and dosage forms. This allowed us to progress much faster." Dr. Phil Collis Vice President , BioCryst Pharmaceuticals "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "Quotient Sciences' has been a great partner to work with. Their project management was top-notch and costs remained within budget throughout our collaboration. Their scheduling and execution have been impeccable; the program has run like clockwork. As a client, you can’t really ask for more!" Dr. Ofir Moreno Vice President , MEI Pharma "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "Quotient Sciences has worked with us on several pediatric projects and has been very effective in translating our product concepts into successful prototype formulations. We really appreciate the way they tune in to the broader, long-term objectives of our projects and are agile in delivering specific work packages that will contribute to the overall project’s success. They are skilled in applying their extensive technical expertise and understanding of the full pediatric pharma development process. Importantly, they are great at adapting to change and tenacious when it comes to problem-solving. They have proved to be an essential resource in developing our pediatric portfolio." Clare Geesen Operations Manager , Proveca "Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials... Everything ran very smoothly. We had a very good project manager who was on top of things all the time, and there were no hitches... I would say that Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials." Dr. Andreas Konar Senior Vice President , Xspray Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology "We were impressed by how efficient the Quotient Sciences team was in helping us progress one of our key projects to a successful first in human study." Benoit Bestgen Associate Director , MMV Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences What are your goals? Reach IND Faster How can our drug development program reach the stage of Investigational New Drug Application (IND) faster? Learn More Reach POC/NDA Faster How can our drug development program reach POC / NDA faster? Learn More Reach Commercialization Faster How can you help our drug product launch to market and provide commercial supply? Learn More Save Time & Money How can you save time and reduce our drug development and manufacturing costs? Learn More Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Therapy Areas Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics/drug-product-optimization
Drug Product Optimization | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Product Optimization Unique and innovative formulations help our customers achieve their drug program goals. Find out about our rapid formulation optimization programs. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics Drug Product Optimization Rapid 'Make-Test' cycles enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics®. Today, most new drugs require some formulation optimization during development, to help transition from early development formulation to one suitable for administration, or as part of a lifecycle management strategy. We are uniquely placed to help you. Strategies for rapid drug product formulation development and clinical testing Drug product optimization is a common step for drugs moving through development pipelines. Most new drugs require some formulation change during their development, whether to respond to suboptimal exposure profiles, to transition from an early development formulation to one suitable for administration in patients, or as part of a life-cycle management strategy. Leveraging the benefits of our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to accelerate your program Quotient Sciences’ unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform can be applied to design, manufacture, and obtain clinical data on new formulations in an accelerated timeframe. Multiple formulations can be screened, with emerging data informing the product evaluated in the next dosing period of a crossover clinical study in a 2–3-week "make-test" cycle. Use Translational Pharmaceutics® to rapidly optimize NCE's or existing drugs Translational Pharmaceutics® can be applied to drug product optimization efforts for both new chemical entities (NCEs) and during the life-cycle management of existing drugs. It also allows for the unique inclusion of a formulation design space in initial regulatory submissions and clinical protocols to iteratively optimize the quantitative composition of critical-to-performance excipients and dosage strengths relative to clinical performance. Our unique approach to drug product optimization: Saves time by reducing the chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) data package needed for your clinical assessments Maximizes flexibility by allowing you to fine-tune formulation compositions Increases the potential for success by facilitating decisions based on clinical data Conserves the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) by removing drug product scale-up from the critical path Translational Pharmaceutics® has supported our customers through: Evaluation and selection of solubilization technologies • Optimization of modified-release systems Improvement of taste, palatability, and acceptability for pediatric indications Changing routes of delivery Development of combination products Understanding quality by design (QbD) of product and process variables What our customers say Our team works with our customers to design a customized program to deliver your objectives in the most timely and cost-efficient way. We have completed more than 300 formulation optimization programs, involving the clinical evaluation of more than 1,000 formulations. We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/cdmo
More than a CDMO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrated drug contract manufacturing capabilities Quotient Sciences provides integrated, end-to-end solutions and services to accelerate drug development and drug manufacturing that make us more than just a CDMO. Discover Services Contact Us Home CDMO We are more than a traditional CDMO. Quotient Sciences is a global, integrated drug development and manufacturing accelerator. Innovation through integration Over 30 years of drug development expertise From formulation development through to commercial manufacturing, Quotient Sciences are drug development experts. We've provided integrated contract research, development, and manufacturing services for many of the leading Fortune 100 global pharma and biotech customers, with deep expertise working with thousands of molecules across all stages of drug development. Our Manifesto The power of integration We integrate services under a single organization that would traditionally be found at separate CDMOs and CROs. Our integrated, end-to-end solution for drug development, Translational Pharmaceutics® , is what sets us apart from other contract manufacturing and development organizations. By seamlessly integrating drug substance manufacturing and drug product manufacturing capabilities, we've saved customers an average of 12 months or more of time, as well as R&D and related cost savings, on their drug programs. Integrated Programs Learn more about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do
Services | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact What We Do We accelerate drug development with services and solutions tailored to our customers' needs. Why? Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Quotient Sciences accelerates drug development with turnkey solutions and individual services tailored to our customers' needs. Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Customer Testimonials We help turn our customers' ideas into the medicines of the future, working with you as partners to get new treatments to those in need, fast. Read Testimonials Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Therapy Areas Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal
Policies, Statements and Terms of Use | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Access Our Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Cookie Policy Cookies provide you with a good experience when you browse our website. Learn More Privacy Policy We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. Learn More Terms of Website Use These terms tell you the rules for using our website www.quotientsciences.com (our website). Learn More Modern Slavery Statement We are committed to maintaining ethical and transparent employment practices. Learn More Gender Pay Statement Our difference in average pay between women and men, regardless of role. Learn More Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, UK Standard Terms Our terms of supply at Quotient Sciences - Alnwick. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us About Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/suppliers
http://www.quotientsciences.com/media/uploads/files/Quotient-Sciences-Terms-and-Conditions-of-Purchase.pdf
      QUOTIENT SCIENCES TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PURCHASE   (GOODS AND SERVICES) UK       1.  DEFINITIONS      Affiliates:  is any person, corporation, joint venture, or other business entity that directly (or indirectly  through one or more intermediaries) Controls, is Controlled by, or is under common Control with  Quotient.   Business Day:  a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in England, when banks in  London are open for business.   Commencement Date:  has the meaning given in Clause 2.2.   Conditions:  these terms and conditions as amended from time to time in accordance with Clause  17.8.   Contract:  the contract between Quotient and the Supplier for the supply of Goods and/or Services in  accordance with these Conditions.   Control:  has the meaning given in section 1124 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010, and the expression  change of control  shall be construed accordin gly.   Deliverables:  all documents, products and materials developed by the Supplier or its agents,  contractors and employees as part of or in relation to the Services in any form or media, including  drawings, maps, plans, diagrams, designs, pictures, computer programs, data, specifications and  reports (including drafts).   Delivery Location:  has the meaning given in Clause 4.2(b).   Goods:  the goods (or any part of them) set out in the Order.   Goods Specification:  any specification for the Goods, including any related plans and drawings that  are agreed in writing by Quotient and the Supplier.   Intellectual Property Rights:  patents, rights to inventions, copyright and neighbouring and related  rights, moral rights, trade marks and service marks, business names  and domain names, rights in get - up and trade dress, goodwill and the right to sue for passing off or unfair competition, rights in designs,  rights in computer software, database rights, rights to use, and protect the confidentiality of, confidential  information (including know -how and trade secrets).   Order:  Quotient’s order for the supply of Goods and/or Services, as set out in Quotient’s purchase  order form OR  in Quotient’s written acceptance of the Supplier’s quotation.   Quotient: means Quotient Sciences Limited (registered in England and Wales with company number  05221615) and its Affiliates.   Quotient Materials:  has the meaning set out in Clause 5.3(j).   Personal Data:  means personal data as defined under the UK Data Protection Act 2018 and any  successo r legislation and, where applicable, the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679).   Services:  the services, including any Deliverables, to be provided by the Supplier under the Contract  as set out in the Service Specification.   Service Specificati on:  the description or specification for Services agreed in writing by Quotient and  the Supplier.   Supplier:  the person or firm from whom Quotient purchases the Goods and/or Services.      2.  BASIS OF CONTRACT       2.1  The Order constitutes an offer by Quoti ent to purchase Goods and/or Services from the Supplier  in accordance with these Conditions.   2.2  The Order shall be deemed to be accepted on the earlier of:        (a)  the Supplier issuing written acceptance of the Order; or   (b)  any act by the Supplier consist ent with fulfilling the Order, at which point and on which date the  Contract shall come into existence ( Commencement Date).   2.3  These Conditions apply to the Contract to the exclusion of any other terms that the Supplier seeks  to impose or incorporate, or  which are implied by law, trade custom, practice or course of dealing unless  Quotient and Supplier have entered a framework or other form of master agreement which shall prevail.   2.4  All of these Conditions shall apply to the supply of both Goods and Ser vices except where the  application to one or the other is specified.   2.5 Time shall be of the essence in relation to the performance of any and all Supplier’s obligations  pursuant to the Contract.   2.6 Unless the context otherwise requires, words in the singular shall include the plural and in the plural  shall include the singular.     3.  SUPPLY OF GOODS       3.1  The Supplier shall ensure that the Goods shall:   (a)  correspond with their description and any applicable Goods Specification;   (b)  be of satisfactory  quality (within the meaning of the Sale of Goods Act 1979) and fit for any purpose  held out by the Supplier or made known to the Supplier by Quotient, expressly or by implication, and in  this respect Quotient relies on the Supplier’s skill and judgement;   (c)  where they are manufactured products, be free from defects in design, materials and workmanship  and remain so for 12 months after delivery; and   (d)  comply with all applicable statutory and regulatory requirements relating to the manufacture,  labellin g, packaging, storage, handling and delivery of the Goods.   3.2  The Supplier shall ensure that at all times it has and maintains all the licences, permissions,  authorisations, consents and permits that it needs to carry out its obligations under the Contract in  respect of the Goods.   3.3  Quotient may inspect and test the Goods at any time before delivery and the Supplier shall  immediately take such remedial action as is necessary, should Quotient identify issues of non- compliance.      4.  DELIVERY OF GOODS       4.1  The Supplier shall ensure that:   (a)  the Goods are properly packed and secured in such manner as to enable them to reach their  destination in good condition;   (b)  each delivery of the Goods is accompanied by a delivery note which shows the date of t he Order,  the Order number (if any), the type and quantity of the Goods (including the code number of the Goods  (where applicable)), special storage instructions (if any) and, if the Goods are being delivered by  instalments, the outstanding balance of Goods remaining to be delivered; and   (c)  it states clearly on the delivery note any requirement for Quotient to return any packaging material  for the Goods to the Supplier and which shall only be returned to the Supplier at the cost of the Supplier.   4.2  The Supplier shall deliver the Goods:   (a)  on the date specified in the Order or as otherwise agreed in writing;   (b)  Duty Paid (DDP) (Incoterms 2020) to Quotient’s premises at  Sherwood House Mere Way,  Ruddington Fields Business Park, Ruddington, Nottingham, NG11 6JS or such other location as is set  out in the Order or as instructed by Quotient before delivery ( Delivery Location ); and   (c)  during Quotient’s normal hours of business or as instructed by Quotient.   4.3  Delivery of the Goods shall be completed on the completion of unloading of the Goods at the  Delivery Location.   4.4  The quantity of Goods or Services specified within the Contract cannot be changed without       Quotient’s prior written consent. Quantities above or below those stated within the Contract m ay not be  accepted.   4.5  The Supplier shall not deliver the Goods in instalments without Quotient’s prior written consent.  Where it is agreed that the Goods are delivered by instalments, they may be invoiced and paid for  separately. However, failure by the Supplier to deliver any one instalment on time or at all or any defect  in an instalment shall entitle Quotient to the remedies set out in Clause 6.   4.6  Title and risk in the Goods shall pass to Quotient on completion of delivery.      5.  SUPPLY OF SERVICES       5.1  The Supplier shall from the date set out in the Order and for the duration of the Contract supply the  Services to Quotient in accordance with the terms of the Contract.   5.2  The Supplier shall meet any performance dates for the Services that Quotient notifies to the  Supplier and time is of the essence in relation to any of those performance dates.   5.3  In providing the Services, the Supplier shall:   (a)  co-operate with Quotient i n all matters relating to the Services, and comply with all instructions of  Quotient;   (b)  perform the Services with the best care, skill and diligence in accordance with best practice in the  Supplier’s industry, profession or trade;   (c)  use personnel who are suitably skilled and experienced to perform tasks assigned to them, and in  sufficient number to ensure that the Supplier’s obligations are fulfilled in accordance with the Contract;   (d)  ensure that the Services will conform with all descriptions, standards and specifications set out in  the Service Specification, and that the Deliverables shall be fit for any purpose that Quotient expressly  or impliedly makes known to the Supplier;   (e)  provide all equipment, tools and vehicles and such other items as are required to provide the  Services;   (f)  use the best quality goods, materials, standards and techniques, and ensure that the Deliverables,  and all goods and materials supplied and used in the Services or transferred to Quotient, will be free  from defect s in workmanship, installation and design;   (g)  obtain and at all times maintain all licences and consents which may be required for the provision  of the Services;   (h)  comply with all applicable laws, regulations, regulatory policies, guidelines or indust ry codes which  may apply to the provision of the Services, and with the Mandatory Policies;   (i)  observe all health and safety rules and regulations and any other security requirements that apply  at any of Quotient’s premises;   (j)  hold all materials, equi pment and tools, drawings, specifications and data supplied by Quotient to  the Supplier ( Quotient Materials) in safe custody at its own risk, maintain Quotient Materials in good  condition until returned to Quotient, and not dispose or use Quotient Material s other than in accordance  with Quotient’s written instructions or authorisation;   (k)  not do or omit to do anything which may cause Quotient to lose any licence, authority, consent or  permission upon which it relies for the purposes of conducting its busi ness, and the Supplier  acknowledges that Quotient may rely or act on the Services; and   (l)  comply with any additional obligations as set out in the Service Specification.      6.  REMEDIES      6.1  If the Supplier fails to deliver the Goods by the applicable date or to perform the Services by the  applicable date, or both, Quotient shall, without limiting or affecting other rights or remedies available  to it, have one or more of the following rights and remedies:   (a)  to terminate the Contract with immediate ef fect by giving written notice to the Supplier;   (b)  to refuse to accept any subsequent performance of the Services and/or delivery of the Goods which       the Supplier attempts to make;  (c)  to require a refund from the Supplier of sums paid in advance for  Services that the Supplier has not provided and/or Goods that it has not delivered;   (d)  to recover from the Supplier any expenditure incurred by Quotient in obtaining substitute services  or deliverables from a third party; and   (e)  to claim damages for any additional costs, loss or expenses incurred by Quotient which are in any  way attributable to the Supplier’s failure to meet such dates.   6.2  If the Supplier has delivered Goods that do not comply with the undertakings set out in Clause 3.1,  then, without limiting or affecting other rights or remedies available to it, Quotient shall have one or  more of the following rights and remedies, whether or not it has accepted the Goods:   (a)  to terminate the Contract with immediate effect by giving written notice to the Supplier;   (b)  to reject the Goods (in whole or in part) whether or not title has passed and to return them to the  Supplier at the Supplier’s own risk and expense;   (c)  to requir e the Supplier to repair or replace the rejected Goods, or to provide a full refund of the price  of the rejected Goods (if paid);   (d)  to refuse to accept any subsequent delivery of the Goods which the Supplier attempts to make; and   (e)  to claim damages f or any additional costs, loss or expenses incurred by Quotient arising from the  Supplier’s failure to supply Goods in accordance with Clause 3.1.   6.3  If the Supplier has supplied Services that do not comply with the requirements of Clause 5.3(d)  then, wit hout limiting or affecting other rights or remedies available to it, Quotient shall have one or  more of the following rights and remedies:   (a)  to terminate the Contract with immediate effect by giving written notice to the Supplier;   (b)  to return the Del iverables to the Supplier at the Supplier’s own risk and expense;   (c)  to require the Supplier to provide repeat performance of the Services, or to provide a full refund of  the price paid for the Services (if paid);   (d)  to refuse to accept any subsequent performance of the Services which the Supplier attempts to  make;   (e)  to claim damages for any additional costs, loss or expenses incurred by Quotient arising from the  Supplier’s failure to comply with Clause 5.3(d).   6.4  These Conditions shall extend to a ny substituted or remedial services and/or repaired or  replacement goods supplied by the Supplier.   6.5 Quotient’s rights and remedies under the Contract are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights  and remedies implied by statute and common law.      7.  QUOTIENT’S OBLIGATIONS       7.1  Quotient shall:   (a)  provide the Supplier with reasonable access at reasonable times to Quotient’s premises for the  purpose of providing the Services; and   (b)  provide such necessary information for the provision of the S ervices as the Supplier may  reasonably request.     8.  CHARGES AND PAYMENT       8.1  The price for the Goods:   (a)  shall be the price set out in the Order, or if no price is quoted, the price set out in the Supplier’s  published price list in force at the Commencement Date; and   (b)  shall be inclusive of the costs of packaging, insurance,  carriage and duty of the Goods. No extra  charges shall be effective unless agreed in writing and signed by Quotient.   8.2  The charges for the Services shall be set out in the Order, and shall be the full and exclusive  remuneration of the Supplier in respect of the performance of the Services. Unless otherwise agreed in  writing by Quotient, the charges shall include every cost and expense of the Supplier directly or       indirectly incurred in connection with the performance of the Services.   8.3  In respect of the Goods, the Supplier shall invoice Quotient on or at any time after completion of  delivery. In respect of Services, the Supplier shall invoice Quotient on completion of the Services. Each  invoice shall include the relevant purchase order number or payment may be delayed.   8.4  In consideration of the supply of Goods and/or Services by the Supplier, Quotient shall pay the  invoice d amounts within 45 days of the date of a correctly rendered invoice to a bank account nominated  in writing by the Supplier.   8.5  All amounts payable by Quotient under the Contract are exclusive of amounts in respect of valued  added tax chargeable from tim e to time ( VAT). Where any taxable supply for VAT purposes is made  under the Contract by the Supplier to Quotient, Quotient shall, on receipt of a valid VAT invoice from  the Supplier, pay to the Supplier such additional amounts in respect of VAT as are chargeable on the  supply of the Goods and/or Services at the same time as payment is due for the supply of the Goods  and/or Services.   8.6  If Quotient fails to make a payment due to the Supplier under the Contract by the due date, then  Supplier shall have the right to charge Quotient interest on the overdue sum from the due date until  payment of the overdue sum, each day at 1% a year above the Bank of England’s base rate.   8.7  The Supplier shall maintain complete and accurate records of the time spent and mat erials used  by the Supplier in providing the Services, and the Supplier shall allow Quotient to inspect such records  at all reasonable times on request.   8.8  Quotient may at any time, without notice to the Supplier, set off any liability of the Supplier to   Quotient against any liability of Quotient to the Supplier, whether either liability is present or future,  liquidated or unliquidated, and whether or not either liability arises under the Contract.      9.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS       9.1  All Intellect ual Property Rights in or arising out of or in connection with the Services (other than  Intellectual Property Rights in any Customer Materials) shall be owned by the Supplier.   9.2  The Supplier grants to Quotient, or shall procure the direct grant to Quoti ent of, a fully paid- up,  worldwide, non- exclusive, royalty -free perpetual and irrevocable licence to copy and modify the  Deliverables (excluding Quotient Materials) for the purpose of receiving and using the Services and the  Deliverables.   9.3  Quotient  grants the Supplier a fully paid- up, non- exclusive, royalty -free non- transferable licence to  copy any materials provided by Quotient to the Supplier for the term of the Contract for the purpose of  providing the Services to Quotient.   9.4  All Quotient Materials are the exclusive property of Quotient.     10.  INDEMNITY       10.1  The Supplier shall indemnify Quotient against all liabilities, costs, expenses, damages and losses  (including but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential losses, loss of pr ofit, loss of reputation  and all interest, penalties and legal costs (calculated on a full indemnity basis) and all other reasonable  professional costs and expenses) suffered or incurred by Quotient arising out of or in connection with:   (a)  any claim made against Quotient for actual or alleged infringement of a third party’s intellectual  property rights arising out of, or in connection with, the manufacture, supply or use of the Goods, or  receipt, use or supply of the Services (excluding Quotient Materials );  (b)  any claim made against Quotient by a third party for death, personal injury or damage to property  arising out of, or in connection with, defects in the Goods, as delivered, or the Deliverables; and   (c)  any claim made against Quotient by a third party arising out of or in connection with the supply of  the Goods, as delivered, or the Services.   10.2  This Clause 10 shall survive termination of the Contract.          11.  INSURANCE        During the term of the Contract and for a period of five (5) years thereafter, the Supplier shall maintain  in force, with a reputable insurance company, professional indemnity insurance, product liability  insurance and public liability insurance to cover the liabilities that may arise under or in connection with  the Contr act, and shall, on Quotient’s request, produce both the insurance certificate giving details of  cover and the receipt for the current year’s premium in respect of each insurance.     12.  CONFIDENTIALITY       12.1  Each party undertakes that it shall not at any  time during the Contract and for a period of five (5)  years after termination of the Contract, disclose to any person any confidential information concerning  the business, affairs, customers, clients or suppliers of the other party, except as permitted by  Clause  12.2.   12.2  Each party may disclose the other party’s confidential information:    (a)  to its employees, officers, representatives, subcontractors or advisers who need to know such  information for the purposes of carrying out the party’s obligations  under the Contract. Each party shall  ensure that its employees, officers, representatives, subcontractors or advisers to whom it discloses  the other party’s confidential information must comply with this Clause 12; and   (b)  as may be required by law, a co urt of competent jurisdiction or any governmental or regulatory  authority.   12.3  Neither party shall use the other party’s confidential information for any purpose other than to  perform its obligations under the Contract.   12.4 The Supplier shall establish and maintain adequate security measures to safeguard the  confidential information from unauthorised access or use and provide notice to Quotient within two  business days of discovery of any security incident that involves the unauthorised access, use or  disclosure of confidential information or Quotient Materials.     13.  DATA PROTECTION     13.1 To the extent that the Supplier, in providing the Goods and/ or Services under the Contract  processes any Personal Data, Supplier shall ensure that such Personal Data is kept secure, and in  accordance with all relevant legislation and shall:   (a) process t hat Personal Data only on the written instructions of Quotient unless otherwise required  by law; and  (b) ensure that it has in place appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect against  unauthorised or unlawful processing of Personal Data and against accidental loss or destruction  of, or damage to, Personal Data, appropriate to the harm that might result from the unauthorised  or unlawful processing or accidental loss, destruction or damage and the nature of the data to be  protected, having r egard to the state of technological development and the cost of implementing  any measures; and   (c) ensure that all personnel who have access to and/or process Personal Data are obliged to keep  the Personal Data confidential; and   (d) not transfer any Person al Data outside of the European Economic Area unless the prior written  consent of Quotient has been obtained and any requirements fulfilled; and   (e)  notify Quotient within 2 business days of discovery of any personal data breach; and   (f) at the direction of Quotient, delete or return Personal Data thereof upon termination of the Contract  unless otherwise required by law.              14.  TERMINATION       14.1  Without affecting any other right or remedy available to it, Quotient may terminate the Contract:   (a)  with  immediate effect by giving written notice to the Supplier if:   (i)  there is a change of control of the Supplier; or   (ii)  the Supplier’s financial position deteriorates to such an extent that in Quotient’s opinion the  Supplier’s capability to adequately f ulfil its obligations under the Contract has been placed in jeopardy;  or  (iii)  the Supplier commits a breach of Clause 5.3(h),   (b)  for convenience by giving the Supplier written notice.   14.2  Without affecting any other right or remedy available to it, e ither party may terminate the Contract  with immediate effect by giving written notice to the other party if:    (a)  the other party commits a material breach of any term of the Contract which breach is irremediable  or (if such breach is remediable) fails to  remedy that breach within a period of thirty (30) days after  being notified in writing to do so;   (b)  the other party takes any step or action in connection with its entering administration, provisional  liquidation or any composition or arrangement with i ts creditors (other than in relation to a solvent  restructuring), being wound up (whether voluntarily or by order of the court, unless for the purpose of a  solvent restructuring), having a receiver appointed to any of its assets or ceasing to carry on busi ness  or, if the step or action is taken in another jurisdiction, in connection with any analogous procedure in  the relevant jurisdiction; or   (c)  the other party suspends, or threatens to suspend, or ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all  or a substa ntial part of its business.     15.  CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION       15.1  On termination of the Contract, the Supplier shall immediately deliver to Quotient all Deliverables  whether or not then complete, and return all Quotient Materials. If the Supplier fail s to do so, then  Quotient may enter the Supplier’s premises and take possession of them. Until they have been returned  or delivered, the Supplier shall be solely responsible for their safe keeping and will not use them for any  purpose not connected with the Contract.   15.2  Termination of the Contract shall not affect the parties’ rights and remedies that have accrued as  at termination, including the right to claim damages in respect of any breach of the Contract which  existed at or before the date of termination.   15.3  Any provision of the Contract that expressly or by implication is intended to come into or continue  in force on or after termination of the Contract shall remain in full force and effect.     16.  FORCE MAJEURE        Neither party shall be in breach of the Contract nor liable for delay in performing, or failure to perform,  any of its obligations under it if such delay or failure results from events, circumstances or causes  beyond its reasonable control. If the period of delay or non- performance continues for five (5) working  days, the party not affected may terminate the Contract by giving five (5) days’ written notice to the  affected party.     17.  GENERAL       17.1  Assignment and other dealings.   (a)  Quotient may at any time assign, mortgage, charge, subcontract, delegate, declare a trust over or  deal in any other manner with all or any of its rights and obligations under the Contract.   (b)  The Supplier shall not assign, transfer, mortgage, charge, subcontract, delegate, declare a trust       over or  deal in any other manner with any of its rights and obligations under the Contract without the  prior written consent of Quotient.      17.2  Notices.   Any notice given to a party under or in connection with the Contract shall be in writing to its registered  office  (if a company) or its principal place of business (in any other case) and for Quotient shall be made  to: Chief Compliance Officer, Trent House, Mere Way, Ruddington Fields Business Park, Ruddington,  Nottingham, NG11 6JS.     17.3 Severance.    If any provision or part -provision of the Contract is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall  be deemed modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable. If such  modification is not possible, the relevant provision or part -provisi on shall be deemed deleted. Any  modification to or deletion of a provision or part -provision under this Clause 17.3 shall not affect the  validity and enforceability of the rest of the Contract.      17.4 Waiver   A waiver of any right or remedy under the Contract or  by law is only effective if given in writing and shall  not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent right or remedy. A failure or delay by a party to exercise  any right or remedy provided under the Contract or by law shall not constitute a waiver of that or a ny  other right or remedy, nor shall it prevent or restrict any further exercise of that or any other right or  remedy. No single or partial exercise of any right or remedy provided under the Contract or by law shall  prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.      17.5 No partnership or agency.    Nothing in the Contract is intended to, or shall be deemed to, establish any partnership or joint venture  between the parties, constitute either party the agent of the other, or authorise either party to make or  enter into any commitments for or on behalf of the other party.      17.6 Entire agreement.    The Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes and extinguishes  all previous agreements, promises, assurances, wa rranties, representations and understandings  between them, whether written or oral, relating to its subject matter. Unless Supplier and Quotient have  entered a framework or other form of master agreement which shall prevail.     17.7  Third party rights.   Unless it expressly states otherwise, the Contract does not give rise to any rights under the Contracts  (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Contract.     17.8  Variation.  Except as set out in these Conditions, no variation of the Contrac t, including the  introduction of any additional terms and conditions, shall be effective unless it is agreed in writing and  signed by the parties or their authorised representatives.     17.9  Governing law.  The Contract, and any dispute or claim (including non- contractual disputes or  claims) arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation shall be governed by and  construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.      17.10  Jurisdiction.  Each party irrevocably agrees that the courts of England and Wales shall have  exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim (including non- contractual disputes or claims) arising  out of or in connection with the Contract or its subject matter or formation.  


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/suppliers
http://www.quotientsciences.com/media/uploads/files/Quotient-Sciences-Terms-and-Conditions-of-Purchase-USA.pdf
  Quotient Sciences – Philadelphia, LLC  3 Chelsea Parkway, Boothwyn, Pennsylvania 19061  United States   Tel: (610) 485 -4270  Email: Info@quotientsciences.com   Online: www.quotientsciences.com           QUOTIENT SCIENCES TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PURCHASE   (GOODS AND SERVICES) USA         1. DEFINITIONS        Affiliates:  Affiliate(s):  for purposes of this Agreement, an Affiliate of a Party is any person, corporation,  joint venture, or other business entity that directly (or indirectly through one or more intermediaries)  controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Party. For purposes of the preceding  definition only, the terms “controls,” “controlled,” and “control” shall mean possessing the power to direct  or cause the direction of the management and policies of an entity, whether through ownership or  control of stock (or other ownership inter est), by contract, or otherwise.   Business Day:  a day other than a Saturday, Sun day or public holiday in The United States , when  banks in The United States are open for business.   Commencement Date:  has the meaning given in Clause 2.2.   Conditions:  these terms and conditions as amended from time to time in accordance with Clause 17. 8.   Contract:  the contract between Quotient and the Supplier for the supply of Goods and/or Services in  accordance with these Conditions.   Deliverables:  all documents, products and materials developed by the Supplier or its agents,  contractors and employ ees as part of or in relation to the Services in any form or media, including  drawings, maps, plans, diagrams, designs, pictures, computer programs, data, specifications and  reports (including drafts).   Delivery Location:  has the meaning given in Clause 4 .2(b).   Goods:  the goods (or any part of them) set out in the Order.   Goods Specification:  any specification for the Goods, including any related plans and drawings that  are agreed in writing by Quotient and the Supplier.   Intellectual Property Rights:  patents, rights to inventions, copyright and neighboring and related  rights, moral rights, trade marks and service marks, business names and domain names, rights in getup  and trade dress, goodwill and the right to sue for passing off or unfair competition , rights in designs,  rights in computer software, database rights, rights to use, and protect the confidentiality of, confidential  information (including know -how and trade secrets).    Order:  Quotient’s order for the supply of Goods and/or Services, as se t out in Quotient’s purchase  order form OR in Quotient’s written acceptance of the Supplier’s quotation.   Quotient:  means Quotient Sciences – Philadelphia, LLC  with its principal place of business at 3  Chelsea Parkway Suite, 305 Boothwyn, Pennsylvania  1906 1 and its Affiliates.   Quotient Materials:  has the meaning set out in Clause 5.3(j).   Personal Data:  means  any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual .   Services:  the services, including any Deliverables, to be provided by  the Supplier under the Contract  as set out in the Service Specification.   Service Specification:  the description or specification for Services agreed in writing by Quotient and  the Supplier.   Supplier:  the person or firm from whom Quotient purchases the  Goods and/or Services.       2. BASIS OF CONTRACT         2.1  The Order constitutes an offer by Quotient to purchase Goods and/or Services from the Supplier in  accordance with these Conditions.    Quotient Sciences – Philadelphia, LLC  3 Chelsea Parkway, Boothwyn, Pennsylvania 19061  United States   Tel: (610) 485 -4270  Email: Info@quotientsciences.com   Online: www.quotientsciences.com           2.2  The Order shall be deemed to be accepted on the earlier of:   (a) the Supplier issuing written acceptance of the Order; or   (b) any act by the Supplier consistent with fulfilling the Order, at which point and on which date the  Contract shall come into existence ( Commencement Date ).   2.3  These Conditions apply to the Contrac t to the exclusion of any other terms that the Supplier seeks  to impose or incorporate, or which are implied by law, trade custom, practice or course of dealing unless  Quotient and Supplier have entered a framework or other form of master agreement which s hall prevail.  2.4  All of these Conditions shall apply to the supply of both Goods and Services except where the  application to one or the other is specified.   2.5 Time shall be of the essence in relation to the performance of any and all Supplier’s obligation s  pursuant to the Contract.   2.6 Unless the context otherwise requires, words in the singular shall include the plural and in the  plural shall include the singular.      3. SUPPLY OF GOODS         3.1  The Supplier shall ensure that the Goods shall:   (a) correspond with t heir description and any applicable Goods Specification;   (b) be of satisfactory quality and fit for any purpose held out by the Supplier or made known to the  Supplier by Quotient, expressly or by implication, and in this respect Quotient relies on the  Supplie r’s skill and judgement;   (c) where they are manufactured products, be free from defects in design, materials and workmanship  and remain so for 12 months after delivery; and   (d) comply with all applicable statutory and regulatory requirements relating to the manu facture,  labelling, packaging, storage, handling and delivery of the Goods.   3.2 The Supplier shall ensure that at all times it has and maintains all the licenses , permissions,  authori zations, consents and permits that it needs to carry out its obligations under the Contract in  respect of the Goods.   3.3 Quotient may inspect and test the Goods at any time before delivery and the Supplier shall  immediately take such remedial action as is nece ssary, should Quotient identify issues of  noncompliance.        4. DELIVERY OF GOODS         4.1  The Supplier shall ensure that:   (a) the Goods are properly packed and secured in such manner as to enable them to reach their  destination in good condition;   (b) each delivery of the Goods is accompanied by a delivery note which shows the date of the  Order, the Order number (if any), the type an d quantity of the Goods (including the code number of the  Goods (where applicable)), special storage instructions (if any) and, if the Goods are being delivered  by instalments, the outstanding balance of Goods remaining to be delivered; and   (c) it states clea rly on the delivery note any requirement for Quotient to return any packaging  material for the Goods to the Supplier and which shall only be returned to the Supplier at the cost of the  Supplier.   4.2  The Supplier shall deliver the Goods:   (a) on the date spec ified in the Order or as otherwise agreed in writing;    Quotient Sciences – Philadelphia, LLC  3 Chelsea Parkway, Boothwyn, Pennsylvania 19061  United States   Tel: (610) 485 -4270  Email: Info@quotientsciences.com   Online: www.quotientsciences.com           (b) Duty Paid (DDP) (Incoterms 2020) to Quotient’s premises at  3 Chelsea Parkway, Boothwyn, PA  19061  or such other location as is set out in the Order or as instructed by Quotient before delivery  (Delivery  Location ); and   (c)  during Quotient’s normal hours of business or as instructed by Quotient.   4.3  Delivery of the Goods shall be completed on the completion of unloading of the Goods at the  Delivery Location.   4.4  The quantity of Goods or Services specifie d within the Contract cannot be changed without  Quotient’s prior written consent. Quantities above or below those stated within the Contract may not be  accepted.   4.5  The Supplier shall not deliver the Goods in instalments without Quotient’s prior written  consent.  Where it is agreed that the Goods are delivered by instalments, they may be invoiced and paid for  separately. However, failure by the Supplier to deliver any one instalment on time or at all or any defect  in an instalment shall entitle Quotient t o the remedies set out in Clause 6.   4.6  Title and risk in the Goods shall pass to Quotient on completion of delivery.       5. SUPPLY OF SERVICES         5.1  The Supplier shall from the date set out in the Order and for the duration of the Contract supply the  Services to Quotient in accordance with the terms of the Contract.   5.2  The Supplier shall meet any performance dates for the Services that Quotient notifies to the Supplier  and time is of the essence in relation to any of those performance dates.   5.3  In providing the Services, the Supplier shall:   (a) co-operate with Quotient in all matters relating to the Services, and comply with all instructions  of Quotient;   (b) perform the Services with the best care, skill and diligence in accordance with best practice in  the Supplier’s industry, profession or trade;   (c) use personnel who are suitably skilled and experienced to perform tasks assigned to them, and  in sufficient numb er to ensure that the Supplier’s obligations are fulfilled in accordance with the  Contract;   (d)  ensure that the Services will conform with all descriptions, standards and specifications set out in  the Service Specification, and that the Deliverables shall be fit for any purpose that Quotient expressly  or impliedly makes known to the Supplier;   (e) provide all equipment, tools and vehicles and such other items as are required to provide the  Services;   (f) use the best quality goods, materials, standards and techniques, and ensure that the Deliverables,  and all goods and materials supplied and used in the Ser vices or transferred to Quotient, will be free  from defects in workmanship, installation and design;   (g) obtain and at all times maintain all licenses  and consents which may be required for the provision  of the Services;   (h) comply with all applicable laws, regu lations, regulatory policies, guidelines or industry codes which  may apply to the provision of the Services, and with the Mandatory Policies;   (i) observe all health and safety rules and regulations and any other security requirements that apply  at any of Quot ient’s premises;   (j) hold all materials, equipment and tools, drawings, specifications and data supplied by Quotient to  the Supplier ( Quotient Materials ) in safe custody at its own risk, maintain Quotient Materials in  good condition until returned to Quotient , and not dispose or use Quotient Materials other than in  accordance with Quotient’s written instructions or authorization ;    Quotient Sciences – Philadelphia, LLC  3 Chelsea Parkway, Boothwyn, Pennsylvania 19061  United States   Tel: (610) 485 -4270  Email: Info@quotientsciences.com   Online: www.quotientsciences.com           (k) not do or omit to do anything which may cause Quotient to lose any license , authority, consent or  permission upon which it relies f or the purposes of conducting its business, and the Supplier  acknowledges that Quotient may rely or act on the Services; and   (l) comply with any additional obligations as set out in the Service Specification.       6. REMEDIES         6.1  If the Supplier fails to de liver the Goods by the applicable date or to perform the Services by the  applicable date, or both, Quotient shall, without limiting or affecting other rights or remedies available  to it, have one or more of the following rights and remedies:   (a) to terminate the Contract with immediate effect by giving written notice to the Supplier;   (b) to refuse to accept any subsequent performance of the Services and/or delivery of the Goods which  the Supplier attempts to make;    (c)  to require a refund from the Supplier of su ms paid in advance for Services that the Supplier has not  provided and/or Goods that it has not delivered;    (d) to recover from the Supplier any expenditure incurred by Quotient in obtaining substitute  services or deliverables from a third party; and   (e) to claim damages for any additional costs, loss or expenses incurred by Quotient which are in  any way attributable to the Supplier’s failure to meet such dates.   6.2  If the Supplier has delivered Goods that do not comply with the undertakings set out in C lause 3.1,  then, without limiting or affecting other rights or remedies available to it, Quotient shall have one or more  of the following rights and remedies, whether or not it has accepted the Goods:   (a)  to terminate the Contract with immediate effect b y giving written notice to the Supplier;   (b) to reject the Goods (in whole or in part) whether or not title has passed and to return them to the  Supplier at the Supplier’s own risk and expense;   (c)  to require the Supplier to repair or replace the reject ed Goods, or to provide a full refund of the price  of the rejected Goods (if paid);   (d)  to refuse to accept any subsequent delivery of the Goods which the Supplier attempts to make;  and (e)  to claim damages for any additional costs, loss or expenses inc urred by Quotient arising from  the Supplier’s failure to supply Goods in accordance with Clause 3.1.   6.3  If the Supplier has supplied Services that do not comply with the requirements of Clause 5.3(d)  then, without limiting or affecting other rights or r emedies available to it, Quotient shall have one or more  of the following rights and remedies:   (a) to terminate the Contract with immediate effect by giving written notice to the Supplier;   (b) to return the Deliverables to the Supplier at the Supplier’s own risk  and expense;   (c) to require the Supplier to provide repeat performance of the Services, or to provide a full refund of  the price paid for the Services (if paid);   (d) to refuse to accept any subsequent performance of the Services which the Supplier attempts to  make;   (e) to claim damages for any additional costs, loss or expenses incurred by Quotient arising from the  Supplier’s failure to comply with Clause 5.3(d).   6.4 These Conditions shall extend to any substituted or remedial services and/or repaired or  replacement goods supplied by the Supplier.   6.5  Quotient’s rights and remedies under the Contract are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights  and remedies im plied by statute and common law.       7. QUOTIENT’S OBLIGATIONS          Quotient Sciences – Philadelphia, LLC  3 Chelsea Parkway, Boothwyn, Pennsylvania 19061  United States   Tel: (610) 485 -4270  Email: Info@quotientsciences.com   Online: www.quotientsciences.com           7.1  Quotient shall:   (a) provide the Supplier with reasonable access at reasonable times to Quotient’s premises for the  purpose of providing the Services; and   (b) provide such necessary information  for the provision of the Services as the Supplier may  reasonably request.      8. CHARGES AND PAYMENT         8.1  The price for the Goods:   (a) shall be the price set out in the Order, or if no price is quoted, the price set out in the Supplier’s  published price list in force at the Commencement Date; and   (b) shall be inclusive of the costs of packaging, insurance, carriage and duty of the Goods. No  extra charges shall be effective unless agreed in writing and signed by Quotient.   8.2 The charges for the Services shall be set out in the Order, and shall be the full and exclusive  remuneration of the Supplier in respect of the performance of the Services. U nless otherwise  agreed in writing by Quotient, the charges shall include every cost and expense of the Supplier  directly or indirectly incurred in connection with the performance of the Services.   8.3 In respect of the Goods, the Supplier shall invoice Quotien t on or at any time after completion of  delivery. In respect of Services, the Supplier shall invoice Quotient on completion of the Services.  Each invoice shall include the relevant purchase order number or payment may be delayed.   8.4 In consideration of the s upply of Goods and/or Services by the Supplier, Quotient shall pay the  invoiced amounts within 45 days of the date of a correctly rendered invoice to a bank account  nominated in writing by the Supplier.   8.5 Unless otherwise specified in the Order, the Price i ncludes all packaging, transportation costs to  the Delivery Location, insurance, customs duties, fees and applicable taxes, including, but not  limited to, all sales, use or excise taxes.   8.6 If Quotient fails to make a payment due to the Supplier under the Co ntract by the due date, then  Supplier shall have the right to charge Quotient interest on the overdue sum from the due date  until payment of the overdue sum, each day at 1% a year above the Bank of England’s base rate.    8.7 The Supplier shall maintain complet e and accurate records of the time spent and materials used  by the Supplier in providing the Services, and the Supplier shall allow Quotient to inspect such  records at all reasonable times on request.   8.8 Quotient may at any time, without notice to the Suppli er, set off any liability of the Supplier to  Quotient against any liability of Quotient to the Supplier, whether either liability is present or future,  liquidated or unliquidated, and whether or not either liability arises under the Contract.        9. INTELLEC TUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS         9.1  All Intellectual Property Rights in or arising out of or in connection with the Services (other than  Intellectual Property Rights in any Customer Materials) shall be owned by the Supplier.   9.2  The Supplier grants to Quotien t, or shall procure the direct grant to Quotient of, a fully paid -up,  worldwide, non -exclusive, royalty -free perpetual and irrevocable license  to copy and modify the  Deliverables (excluding Quotient Materials) for the purpose of receiving and using the Ser vices and the  Deliverables.   9.3  Quotient grants the Supplier a fully paid -up, non -exclusive, royalty -free non -transferable license  to  copy any materials provided by Quotient to the Supplier for the term of the Contract for the purpose of  providing the Se rvices to Quotient.   9.4  All Quotient Materials are the exclusive property of Quotient.    Quotient Sciences – Philadelphia, LLC  3 Chelsea Parkway, Boothwyn, Pennsylvania 19061  United States   Tel: (610) 485 -4270  Email: Info@quotientsciences.com   Online: www.quotientsciences.com              10. INDEMNITY         10.1  The Supplier shall indemnify Quotient against all liabilities, costs, expenses, damages and losses  (including but not limited to any direct, indirect or consequential losses, loss of profit, loss of reputation  and all interest, penalties and legal costs (calculated on a full indemnity basis) and all other reasonable  professional costs and expenses) suffered or incurred by Quotient arising out of or in connection with:  (a)  any claim made against Quotient for actual or alleged infringement of a third party’s intellectual  property rights arising out of, or in connection with, the manufacture, supply or use of the Goods, or  receipt, use or supply of the Services (excluding Qu otient Materials);   (b)  any claim made against Quotient by a third party for death, personal injury or damage to property  arising out of, or in connection with, defects in the Goods, as delivered, or the Deliverables; and (c)  any  claim made against Quoti ent by a third party arising out of or in connection with the supply of the Goods,  as delivered, or the Services.   10.2  This Clause 10 shall survive termination of the Contract.      11. INSURANCE          During the term of the Contract and for a period of five ( 5) years thereafter, the Supplier shall maintain  in force, with a reputable insurance company, professional indemnity insurance, product liability  insurance and public liability insurance to cover the liabilities that may arise under or in connection with  the Contract, and shall, on Quotient’s request, produce both the insurance certificate giving details of  cover and the receipt for the current year’s premium in respect of each insurance.      12. CONFIDENTIALITY         12.1  Each party undertakes that it shall no t at any time during the Contract and for a period of five (5)  years after termination of the Contract, disclose to any person any confidential information concerning  the business, affairs, customers, clients or suppliers of the other party, except as perm itted by Clause  12.2.    12.2  Each party may disclose the other party’s confidential information:    (a) to its employees, officers, representatives, subcontractors or advisers who need to know such  information for the purposes of carrying out the party’s obliga tions under the Contract. Each party shall  ensure that its employees, officers, representatives, subcontractors or advisers to whom it discloses  the other party’s confidential information must comply with this Clause 12; and    (b) as may be required by law, a c ourt of competent jurisdiction or any governmental or regulatory  authority.   12.3  Neither party shall use the other party’s confidential information for any purpose other than to  perform its obligations under the Contract.   12.4 The Supplier shall establi sh and maintain adequate security measures to safeguard the  confidential information from unauthorized  access or use and provide notice to Quotient within two  business days of discovery of any security incident that involves the unauthorized  access, use or   disclosure of confidential information or Quotient Materials.      13. DATA PROTECTION       Quotient Sciences – Philadelphia, LLC  3 Chelsea Parkway, Boothwyn, Pennsylvania 19061  United States   Tel: (610) 485 -4270  Email: Info@quotientsciences.com   Online: www.quotientsciences.com           13.1 To the extent that the Supplier, in providing the Goods and/ or Services under the Contract  processes any Personal Data, Supplier shall ensure that such Personal Data is kept secure, and in  accordance with all relevant legislation and shall:   (a) process that  Personal Data only on the written instructions of Quotient unless otherwise required  by law; and   (b) ensure that it has in place appropriate technical and organizational  measures to protect against  unauthorized  or unlawful processing of Personal Data and aga inst accidental loss or destruction  of, or damage to, Personal Data, appropriate to the harm that might result from the unauthorized   or unlawful processing or accidental loss, destruction or damage and the nature of the data to be  protected, having regard to the state of technological development and the cost of implementing  any measures; and   (c) ensure that all personnel who have access to and/or process Personal Data are obliged to keep  the Personal Data confidential; and   (d) not transfer any Personal Data to a third party unless the prior written consent of Quotient has  been obtained and any requirements fulfilled . Supplier shall remain liable to Quotient for any  claims, losses or damages arising from its transfer of Personal Data ; and   (e) notify Quotient within 2  business days of discovery of any personal data breach; and   (f) at the direction of Quotient, delete or return Personal Data thereof upon termination of the Contract  unless otherwise required by law.            14. TERMINATION         14.1  Without affecting any other right or remedy available to it, Quotient may terminate the Contract:   (a)  with immediate effect by giving written notice to the Supplier if:   (i) there is a change of control of the Supplier; or   (ii) the Supplier’s financial positio n deteriorates to such an extent that in Quotient’s opinion the  Supplier’s capability to adequately fulfil its obligations under the Contract has been placed in  jeopardy; or   (iii) the Supplier commits a breach of Clause 5.3(h),   (b)  for convenience by giving t he Supplier written notice.   14.2  Without affecting any other right or remedy available to it, either party may terminate the Contract  with immediate effect by giving written notice to the other party if:    (a) the other party commits a material breach of any term of the Contract which breach is  irremediable or (if such breach is remediable) fails to remedy that breach within a period of thirty (30)  days after being notified in writing to do so;   (b) the other party takes any step or action in connection with its entering administration,  provisional liquidation or any composition or arrangement with its creditors (other than in relation to a  solvent restructuring), being wound up (whether voluntarily or by order of th e court, unless for the  purpose of a solvent restructuring), having a receiver appointed to any of its assets or ceasing to carry  on business or, if the step or action is taken in another jurisdiction, in connection with any analogous  procedure in the rele vant jurisdiction; or   (c) the other party suspends, or threatens to suspend, or ceases or threatens to cease to carry on  all or a substantial part of its business.      15. CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION          Quotient Sciences – Philadelphia, LLC  3 Chelsea Parkway, Boothwyn, Pennsylvania 19061  United States   Tel: (610) 485 -4270  Email: Info@quotientsciences.com   Online: www.quotientsciences.com           15.1  On termination of the Contract, the Supplier shall im mediately deliver to Quotient all Deliverables  whether or not then complete, and return all Quotient Materials. If the Supplier fails to do so, then  Quotient may enter the Supplier’s premises and take possession of them. Until they have been returned  or de livered, the Supplier shall be solely responsible for their safe keeping and will not use them for any  purpose not connected with the Contract.   15.2  Termination of the Contract shall not affect the parties’ rights and remedies that have accrued as  at ter mination, including the right to claim damages in respect of any breach of the Contract which  existed at or before the date of termination.   15.3  Any provision of the Contract that expressly or by implication is intended to come into or continue  in force on or after termination of the Contract shall remain in full force and effect.      16. FORCE MAJEURE            Neither party shall be in breach of the Contract nor liable for delay in performing, or failure to perform,  any of its obligations under it if such dela y or failure results from events, circumstances or causes  beyond its reasonable control. If the period of delay or non -performance continues for five (5) working  days, the party not affected may terminate the Contract by giving five (5) days’ written notic e to the  affected party.      17. GENERAL         17.1  Assignment and other dealings.   (a) Quotient may at any time assign, mortgage, charge, subcontract, delegate, declare a trust over  or deal in any other manner with all or any of its rights and obligations under th e Contract.   (b) The Supplier shall not assign, transfer, mortgage, charge, subcontract, delegate, declare a trust  over or deal in any other manner with any of its rights and obligations under the Contract without the  prior written consent of Quotient.       17.2 Notices.   Any notice given to a party under or in connection with the Contract shall be in writing to its registered  office (if a company) or its principal place of business (in any other case) and for Quotient shall be made  to: Chief Compliance Officer, T rent House, Mere Way, Ruddington Fields Business Park, Ruddington,  Nottingham, NG11 6JS.      17.3 Severance.     If any provision or part -provision of the Contract is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall  be deemed modified to the minimum extent n ecessary to make it valid, legal and enforceable. If such  modification is not possible, the relevant provision or part -provision shall be deemed deleted. Any  modification to or deletion of a provision or part -provision under this Clause 17.3 shall not affe ct the  validity and enforceability of the rest of the Contract.       17.4 Waiver   A waiver of any right or remedy under the Contract or by law is only effective if given in writing and shall  not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent right or remedy. A failure or delay by a party to exercise  any right or remedy provided under the Contract  or by law shall not constitute a waiver of that or any  other right or remedy, nor shall it prevent or restrict any further exercise of that or any other right or  remedy. No single or partial exercise of any right or remedy provided under the Contract or b y law shall  prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or remedy.    Quotient Sciences – Philadelphia, LLC  3 Chelsea Parkway, Boothwyn, Pennsylvania 19061  United States   Tel: (610) 485 -4270  Email: Info@quotientsciences.com   Online: www.quotientsciences.com               17.5  No partnership or agency.     Nothing in the Contract is intended to, or shall be deemed to, establish any partnership or joint venture  between the parties, constitute either party the agent of the other, or authorize  either party to make or  enter into any commitments for or on behalf of the other party.       17.6  Entire agreement.     The Contract constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and superse des and extinguishes  all previous agreements, promises, assurances, warranties, representations and understandings  between them, whether written or oral, relating to its subject matter. Unless Supplier and Quotient have  entered a framework or other form of  master agreement which shall prevail.      17.7  Third party rights.   This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and  permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other  person or entity any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under  or by  reason of this Agreement.     17.8  Variation.  Except as set out in these Conditions, no variation of the Contract, including the  introduction of any additional terms and conditions, shall be effective unless it is agreed in writing and  signed by the parties or their authorized  representatives.      17.9  Governing law.  The Contract, and any dispute or claim (including non -contractual dispu tes or  claims) arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation shall be governed by and  construed in accordance with the law of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.        17.10   Jurisdiction.  Each party irrevocably agrees that the cou rts of the Commonwealth of  Pennsylvania  shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim (including non -contractual  disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with the Contract or its subject matter or formation.  


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/suppliers
http://www.quotientsciences.com/media/uploads/files/Quotient-Sciences-Sustainable-Procurement-Policy-v1.0.pdf
          SUSTAINABLE PROCUREMENT POLICY     Manifesto :     Quotient Sciences is a drug development and manufacturing accelerator providing integrated  programs and tailored services across the entire development pathway. Cutting through silos across  a range of drug development capabilities, we help our customers save precious time and money in  getting drugs to patients.  As a growing and successful business, we employ more than 1,100 talented  individuals globally, located at state -of-the-art de velopment, manufacturing and clinical facilities in  the UK and USA. We are looking to collaborate with dedicated suppliers who share in our unswerving  belief that ideas need to become solutions, and molecules need to become cures, fast. Because  humanity ne eds solutions, fast.     Quotient Sciences recognises that it has a responsibility to the environment beyond legal and  regulatory requirements. We are committed to reducing our environmental impact and continually  improving our environmental performance as an  integral part of our business strategy and operating  methods. We strive to work with our suppliers and customers to seek and implement flexible and  innovative ways to achieve our environmental, social, ethical and economic objectives.     The Group Director  of Procurement is responsible for ensuring that the Sustainable Procurement  Policy is implemented. However, all employees have a responsibility in their area to ensure that the  aims and objectives of the policy are met.       Policy Aims     Quotient Sciences i s committed to sustainability by balancing People, Performance and Planet in our  operations. We strive to work with our suppliers to seek and implement flexible and innovative ways  to achieve our environmental, social, ethical and economic objectives. As a  supplier to Quotient  Sciences, we expect you to support our priorities a nd promote similar objectives throughout  your  organization  and supply chain .    Quotient Sciences’ priorities are:     1. Social Impact (People ) - Focusing on associate health, safety, wellness, development and  training, as well as community engagement in the areas where we work and live.     2. Good Governance (Performance)  - Driving mutual growth through collaborative and  innovative projects and  continuous  improvement  of quality, efficiency and effectiveness .    3. Caring for the Environment  (Planet)  - Minimizing the use of resources, preventing  pollution, and protecting the ecosystem health.     At Quotient Sciences, we are committed to corporate social responsibility.              In an effort to address sustainability throughout our supply chain, Quotient Sciences has the following  expectations of our Suppliers and will work with them all to incorporate th ese values into their  business operations. Suppliers acknowledge that foreign, state and local laws, rules and regulations  also address similar subjects. Quotient Sciences’ expectation is that Suppliers will follow the more  stringent requirements, whether such requirements are addressed below or under applicable laws,  rules or regulations.     1. Social Impact (People) - Promote equal opportunity and ethical and  responsible standards in the working environment:     1.1  Ethical Business Practices     Suppliers are expected to conduct their business activities in compliance with the Quotient  Sciences Supplier Code of Ethics and Conduct and to meet all applicable laws, rules and  regulations. This includes:     1.1.1  Compliance with applicable antitrust and fair competition laws.     1.1.2  Compliance with applicable anti -corruption laws and to work against corruption in all its  forms, including smuggling, extortion and bribery.     1.1.3  Avoiding conflicts of interest bet ween Quotient Sciences and Supplier pertaining to people,  information, and resources.     1.1.4  Protecting business information and recording and reporting information accurately and  honestly.     1.1.5  Avoiding giving or granting Quotient Sciences’ associat es a personal favour or benefit of any  kind, except those that have a nominal or symbolic value.      1.1.6  Compliance with applicable Food & Drug laws, rules and regulations.       1.2  Health & Safety      Suppliers are expected to :     1.2.1  Comply with all appl icable Environmental, Health & Safety laws, and regulations.     1.2.2  Provide staff and associated personnel with appropriate Health & Safety training.     1.2.3  To ensure that staff and associated personnel  have received proper Health & Safety training.     1.2.4  Monitor and investigate safety related incidents and ensure corrective and preventative  actions are taken to prevent recurrence.     1.2.5  Ensure legally defined environmental discharge limits are not exceeded.              1.2.6  Ensure appropriate control measures are in place, and staff and associated personnel  are  trained in the safe storage and handling of hazardous substances.     1.2.7  Ensure sufficient controls are in place to prevent accidental discharge of hazardous substanc es  into the environment.     1.2.8  Ensure updated safety data sheets (SDS / MSDS) are proactively provided to Quotient  Sciences as well as any data required by applicable laws and regulations.     1.2.9  Ensure a safe, secure  and healthy workplace for their staff and associated personnel.       1.3  Workers’ Rights      Suppliers are expected:     1.3.1  To support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed human rights.     1.3.2  Not to use involuntary labour in its operat ions.     1.3.3  Not to require workers to pay a deposit or surrender their identity papers, and to permit  employees to terminate employment upon reasonable notice.     1.3.4  To respect employees right to join or form trade unions and bargain collectively.     1.3.5  Not to use child labour in its operations, meaning at least the legal minimum working age, but  not less than 14 years old, to promote a healthy and safe working environment that is  appropriate for any children employed who are over 14 years of age, but under 18 years of  age and to prohibit children from engaging in work activities that are prohibited under  applicable laws, rules or regulations.     1.3.6  Not to engage in trafficking in persons.     1.3.7  Not to discriminate against, favour or harass du e to race, religion, colour, sex, age, marital  status, veteran status, ancestry, national origin, medical condition, disability, sexual  orientation, appearance or any other reason prohibited by law.     1.3.8  To pay all staff and associated personnel  at lea st the minimum wage and due overtime pay as  defined by law or an applicable collective agreement and to provide employees with  documentation stating wages, overtime and all other compensation.     1.3.9 Not to install excessive working hours.     2. Good Governance (Performance) - to support sustainable Economic Growth ,  employment and decent work for all   Quotient Sciences is fully committed to improving the economy, efficiency and effectiveness of all its  activities. The aim shall be zero defects. All  procurement of goods and services will be based on best  value principles, having due regard to propriety, regularity and legal obligations.              2.1 Partnering - this may be identified through a best value or strategic review to provide  opportunities for prov iding improved delivery. This would necessitate the creation of a  sustainable relationship with suppliers and subcontractors to deliver services, carry out major  projects or acquire supplies and equipment. Benefits include:     • Better designed solutions, effi cient programs and lower cost   • Economies of scale and scope with access to new and scarce skills.   • Sharing of best practice in achievement of environmental objectives and information  for carbon foot printing.     2.2 Contracting terms and conditions – Quotient Sciences is committed to honouring its  contractual obligations to suppliers and subcontractors including:     • Paying in accordance with agreed payment terms   • Maintaining an effective grievance procedure   • Respecting the commercial confidentiality of information received.     2.3 Transparency and fairness – Quotient Sciences seeks to make the procurement process as  transparent as possible, within commercial and legal constraints. This is to enable suppliers to  understand the elements of the process, including the procedures, timesc ales, expectations  and criteria for selection.         3. Caring for the Environmen t (Planet) - Reduce the impact we have  on the  environment:     Suppliers and subcontractors shall pro -actively work to prevent environmental harm and to minimize  environmental impact. The aim shall be zero environmental incidents. Wherever possible, suppliers  and subcontractors shall seek to fully exploit opportunities for resource and energy optimisation and  efficiency. The supply chain is encouraged to use clean and low energy sources wherever reasonably  practicable.       3.1 Compliance and Training      Suppliers are expected:     3.1.1  To adhere to all environmental requirements defined by law.     3.1.2  To ensure that staff and associated personnel  have received proper environmental training.       3.2  Conservation of Resources      Suppliers are encouraged:     3.2.1  To seek to implement an environmental management system to ensure operational  efficiency, environmental protection and continual improvement.              3.2.2 To track environmental metrics (including but not limited to, office energy consumption,  plant/factory energy consump tion, ozone depleting substances, water consumption,  waste/recycling tonnage, hazardous materials disposal, business travel, and  inbound/outbound transportation) in order to establish baselines, set reduction goals and  conserve resources to minimize enviro nmental impacts over time.     3.2.3  To develop, implement, and report on programs and initiatives to prevent pollution, reduce  resource use and incorporate sustainability into product life cycle.     3.2.4  To minimize and optimize product packaging and trans portation of product.     3.2.5  To source renewable and recycled content whenever possible in product and packaging  development.       3.3 Waste Management      Suppliers are expected:     3.3.1  To avoid and minimize landfill waste and improve recycling efforts in their operations.     3.3.2  To manage and dispose of hazardous waste according to the strictest national, federal, state,  and local regulations.     3.3.3  To work towards a documented waste management and minimisation program.     4. Supplier Assessment   Quotient Sciences operates its own ma nagement systems in order to continually improve the quality,  security, or health and safety and to manage risk. Knowing about supplier and subcontractor risks and  opportunities plays a key part in Quotient Sciences achieving continuous supply chain improv ement.     Quotient Sciences’ ability to realise these improvements is reliant on supplier and subcontractor co - operation and participation in assessment activity. Quotient Sciences has developed a range of  supplier assessment tools and techniques ranging fro m a simple questionnaire to a full partnership  evaluation activity. Quotient Sciences will inform suppliers or subcontractors of what applicable  assessment activity is required.     5. Key requirements   Suppliers and subcontractors shall at Quotient Sciences’ req uest , where applicable to the goods or  services provided :    • Provide Quotient Sciences or its authorised representatives with reasonable access and  facilities upon reasonable notice at reasonable times to the supplier’s (and to any significant  sub-contractor ’s) premises.            • Provide information for the purposes of examining and checking the supplier’s (and relevant  subcontractor’ s) compliance with the contract .  • Provide Quotient Sciences with samples of products for evaluation .  • Participate in continuous improvemen t activities in relation to supplies or services.   • Promptly inform Quotient Sciences from time to time of changes to its products, services or  business management system status.   • Supply Quotient Sciences with a Quality Plan (updated as appropriate) in relation to the  supplies or services  provided .     When defects in the product or service are identified, the supplier or subcontractor shall investigate  non-conformity, report to Quoti ent Sciences its findings and instigate appropriate corrective action  and preventative action to prevent recurrence.     6. Statements of commitment   Quotient Sciences is committed to establishing, promoting, maintaining and improving a culture of  sustainability and environmental responsibility by staff, our supply chain, and broader stakeholders.     Quotient Sciences is committed to providing timely man agement review of sustainable business  operating procedures and practices. We commit to track, measure and report on our performance of  the implementation of sustainability practices with a commitment of continual improvement in these  areas.     As part of o ur larger commitment to sustainability in the operational and procedural practices of  Quotient Sciences, we are also committed to providing the best, most sustainable services possible  for our clients. We look to be a partner in provid ing sustainable solut ions throughout  the  development, planning, implementation, use and reporting phases.                          


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/suppliers
http://www.quotientsciences.com/media/uploads/files/Quotient-Sciences-Supplier-Code-of-Ethics-and-Conduct_v1.0.pdf
            Supplier Code of Ethics and Conduct     Quotient Sciences expect the highest standards of business ethics from suppliers and their  agents in the supply of goods and services.   We expect suppliers to be explicit about the standards they demand of executives,  employees, partners and subcontractors and where possibl e to have governance and  processes to monitor adherence to these standards.   Quotient’s standards  are built around the three pillars  of Social Impact , Good Governance ,  and Caring for the Environment , which we expect our suppliers to adhere to, as set out in  more detail below.     Social Impact   • Freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining are  respected .  • Working conditions provided are safe and hygienic .  • Minimum wages are paid .  • People are treated fairly, without discrimination on grounds of  gender, race, ethnicity or sexual orientation  and with respect for  diversity and inclusion .  • Zero tolerance of modern slavery: employment should be freely  chosen, and child labour will not be used.   • Action is taken to reduce inequalities in the workforce .    Good Governance   • The confidentiality of commercial data and the privacy of employees  and volunteers  is respected.   • Anti-competitive practices  are not engaged in.   • A safe way for workers to raise concerns  is provided.   • Open and honest communication and engagement with Quotient.   • Bribery or corruption is not  tolerated  and appropriate procedures for  gifts and hospitality  are in place .  • Applicable laws and regulations are c omplied with.   • Conflicts of interest  are avoided or managed appropriately.   • Reasonable payment terms are agreed with suppliers.     Caring for the Environment   • Care is taken to minimise the e nvironmental impact of the business.   • Clean energy  is used where possible.   • Sustainab le sourcing is encouraged.   • Reducing the carbon footprint  of the business is promoted.   


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/suppliers
Suppliers | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Suppliers Committed to working together successfully. Home Suppliers Quotient Sciences is committed to establishing dedicated, long-term relationships with our suppliers. As part of this, we expect our partners to comply with our Terms and Conditions of Purchase. Please click the following link to access: Terms and Conditions of Purchase for UK suppliers Terms and Conditions of Purchase for US suppliers Sustainable Procurement Policy Supplier Code of Ethics and Conduct Learn more about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/cmc-strategies-manage-risks-associated-accelerated-submission-pathways
CMC Strategies to Manage the Risks Associated with Accelerated Submission Pathways | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Main navigation CMC Strategies to Manage the Risks Associated with Accelerated Submission Pathways 30 May 2024 Home Events CMC Strategies to Manage the Risks Associated with Accelerated Submission Pathways Overview There has been a growing need for the development of new treatments to address rare diseases, which often have limited or even no viable treatment options available. Since the signing of the Orphan Drug Act into law in the United States in 1983, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has given special consideration to companies, providing “Fast Track status,” awarding research grants, and providing other incentives when certain criteria are met. These offer advantages to streamline the development of new therapies to treat rare diseases, and similar standards also exist in the United Kingdom and European Union. The acceleration of the clinical program reduces overall drug development timelines, which can bring CMC challenges along the way. Join our speaker Dr. Asma Patel, Vice President of Integrated Development Services, as she delves into the different ways that global agencies have implemented accelerated regulatory pathways to expedite the development of novel therapies to treat serious diseases. Dr. Patel will discuss navigating the pathways for accelerated submission, exploring the regulatory framework as it relates to orphan drugs for rare diseases. She will discuss CMC strategies to manage the risks associated with accelerated submission pathways, up to and including the scale-up and commercial manufacturing of drug products. What you will learn: How to identify creative development strategies for accelerated submission pathways, from early clinical studies through to commercial launch. Unable to attend due to a scheduling conflict? Register now and we will share the content with you afterwards. Register now In partnership with: Register Register now Times May 30, 2024 8:00 AM PST, 11:00 AM EST, 3:00 PM GMT Register now: CMC Strategies to Manage the Risks Associated with Accelerated Submission Pathways Meet our speaker: Dr. Asma Patel VP, Integrated Development Services Dr. Asma Patel is VP of Integrated Development Services at Quotient Sciences. In this role, Asma is responsible for providing scie... About Asma More insight from our experts: Read More Pediatrics, Orphan Rare, Nazim Kanji How strong sponsor and CRO/CDMO partnerships help streamline orphan/rare and pediatric drug development By: Nazim Kanji Read More Modified Release, Formulation Development Streamlining the development of modified-release formulations Read More Scientific Innovation, Modified Release, Translational Pharmaceutics Drug Development Innovation: 3D printing of pharmaceutical dosage forms – has the time come? By: Dr. Asma Patel Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/bio-integrates-2024
Bio Integrates 2024 | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Bio Integrates 2024 Cambridge, UK | 15 May 2024 Home Events Bio Integrates 2024 Overview Connect with our team of experts at Bio Integrates, taking place in Cambridge this May. Meet with our team and listen to our speaker, Valeria Ciarnelli, as she engages in the Bio Integrates panel discussion. Learn more about our extended capabilities and how we can support your drug development needs from start to finish. Please use the button below to request a meeting with one of our experts. Request a meeting Request a Meeting Request a Meeting Location Anglia Ruskin University East Road, CB1 1PT Cambridge, UK Register now: Bio Integrates 2024 Meet our expert: We look forward to meeting you at Bio Integrates in Cambridge. Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli Senior Director of Product Development Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli is a Senior Director of Product Development at Quotient Sciences, with responsibility for scientific program... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/ddf-europe-2024
DDF Europe 2024 | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact DDF Europe 2024 Berlin, Germany | 21 May 2024 - 23 May 2024 Home Events DDF Europe 2024 Overview Connect with us at DDF Europe this May! Meet with our team and speak to our experts to learn more about our extended capabilities and how we can support your drug development needs from start to finish. Please use the button below to request a meeting with one of our experts. Request a meeting Request a Meeting Request a Meeting Location Maritim proArte Hotel Friedrichstraße 151, Dorotheenstraße 65, 10117 Berlin, Germany Register now: DDF Europe 2024 Meet our experts: We look forward to meeting you at DDF Europe in Berlin. Dr. Andrew Parker Senior Drug Development Consultant Dr. Andrew Parker has two decades of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, spanning from preclinical development, through ear... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/psychedelic-therapeutics-drug-development-conference
Psychedelic Therapeutics & Drug Development Conference | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Psychedelic Therapeutics & Drug Development Conference Boston, MA, United States | 23 May 2024 - 24 May 2024 Home Events Psychedelic Therapeutics & Drug Development Conference Overview Connect with Quotient Sciences at the Psychedelic Therapeutics & Drug Development Conference. This event will highlight the progress being made towards regulatory approval of a variety of psychedelics with the potential to treat various conditions, including inflammatory/autoimmune disorders, brain injury, pain, PTSD, anxiety, ADHD, headaches, depression, and opioid use disorder. Visit us at this event and talk with one of our experts. If you would like to arrange dedicated time to speak with us, please complete the form below. Request a meeting Request a Meeting Request a Meeting Location Revere Hotel Boston Common 200 Stuart Street Boston, MA, United States Register now: Psychedelic Therapeutics & Drug Development Conference Meet our expert: We look forward to meeting you at the Psychedelic Therapeutics & Drug Development Conference in Boston. Daniel Dennehy Director Of Business Development Dan is an accomplished Business Development Director with over 10 years of experience in sales to healthcare, pharmaceutical, and ... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Vanessa Zann Scientific Poster Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/rationalizing-preclinical-clinical-hurdle-how-overcome-toxicology-exposure-challenge-0
Rationalizing the Preclinical-Clinical Hurdle – How to Overcome the Toxicology Exposure Challenge | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Rationalizing the Preclinical-Clinical Hurdle – How to Overcome the Toxicology Exposure Challenge Basel, Switzerland | 28 May 2024 Home Events Rationalizing the Preclinical-Clinical Hurdle – How to Overcome the Toxicology Exposure Challenge Overview Join our speakers, Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli and Dr. Andrew Parker as they delve into the regulatory framework and the needs of enabling technologies for poorly soluble molecules. In this presentation, Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli, Senior Director of Product Development, and Dr. Andrew Parker, Senior Drug Development Consultant, will discuss considerations when navigating the pre-clinical to clinical transition, exploring regulatory expectations, enabling technologies for poorly soluble molecules, and other topics. Our speakers will review the solutions that our team have developed to help customers successfully navigate through development milestones, leveraging the Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. They will share the rationale for assessing amorphous solid dispersions when compared with lipidics and size reduction and show how these can be easily translated into fit-for-purpose, first-in-human (FIH) presentations suitable for oral administration and enabling dose escalation. Key learning objectives: How to identify the best development strategy, technology(s) and candidate(s), demonstrate solubility improvement and stability Justify the selection of prototypes as suitable for animal testing and potentially improving exposure to meet toxicology multiples required to justify entering an FIH study Where to invest from the early stage, modularity of the preclinical screen, and how it can be refined based on your needs Date/Agenda Location Tuesday, May 28, 2024 Arrival 10:30-11:00 AM Seminar 11:00-12:00 PM Lunch & Networking 12:00-1:00 PM Raddison Blu Hotel Steinentorstrasse 25, 4051 Basel, Switzerland Register now Register now Register Location Raddison Blu Hotel Steinentorstrasse 25, 4051 Basel, Switzerland Register now: Rationalizing the Preclinical-Clinical Hurdle – How to Overcome the Toxicology Exposure Challenge Meet our experts: We look forward to meeting you at our seminar taking place in Basel, Switzerland. David Ross Senior Director Business Development (Europe) David has over 18 years of career experience within the pharmaceutical industry across various disciplines, sectors, and therapeutic areas. Contact Us Dr. Andrew Parker Senior Drug Development Consultant Dr. Andrew Parker has two decades of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, spanning from preclinical development, through ear... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Pediatrics, Orphan Rare, Nazim Kanji How strong sponsor and CRO/CDMO partnerships help streamline orphan/rare and pediatric drug development By: Nazim Kanji Read More Dr. Andrew Lewis Reflecting on Scientific Achievements in 2023 By: Dr. Andrew Lewis Read More Paige Bellis, Bioanalysis, Bioanalytical Method Development, Alnwick, Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/bio-international-2024
BIO International 2024 | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact BIO International 2024 San Diego, CA, USA | 3 June 2024 - 6 June 2024 Home Events BIO International 2024 Overview Meet the Quotient Sciences team at the 2024 BIO International Convention. BIO is one of the largest events for biotechnology, with over 20,000 industry leaders from across the globe attending each year. Meet with our team to learn more about our extended capabilities and how we support your drug development needs from start to finish, with services for drug substance development and manufacturing coupled with clinical testing and drug product manufacturing capabilities through our industry-leading Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform for drug development . Stop by our kiosk in the UK Pavillion #2025 to meet with our team. Request a meeting For more information or assistance, you can also contact us directly by emailing events@quotientsciences.com . Request a meeting Request a meeting Location San Diego, CA, USA Register now: BIO International 2024 Meet our experts: We look forward to meeting you at BIO International in San Diego. Mariecris Madayag Director, Business Development With an innate passion for medicine, and science, and serving our greater society by driving clinical advancements in the pharmace... About Mariecris Drew Lawrence Business Development Director Drew is a Business Development Director whose role is to meet and assist drug development customers by completing Phase I clinical... Contact Us Brad Rowe Senior Director of Integrated Development Brad is a Senior Director of Integrated Development at Quotient Sciences. Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/psychedelics-drug-development-navigating-science-regulatory-outsourcing-landscape
Psychedelics Drug Development: Navigating the Science, Regulatory & Outsourcing Landscape | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Psychedelics Drug Development: Navigating the Science, Regulatory & Outsourcing Landscape 4 June 2024 Home Events Psychedelics Drug Development: Navigating the Science, Regulatory & Outsourcing Landscape Overview Over the past decade, there has been a surge of interest in psychedelics as a novel treatment choice for mental health conditions including depression and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) as well as for CNS conditions. Psychedelics are a class of psychoactive substances that produce changes in perception, mood, and cognitive processes. Growing evidence from scientific studies suggests that treatments that include a psychedelic such as psilocybin, N,N-dimethyltryptamine (DMT), lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD), ketamine derivatives and 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) could provide new choices for doctors and their patients to treat these conditions due to targeting different areas of the brain that current methods do not access. Navigating the development of these new classes of therapies can be complex. Learn more about these considerations from the perspective of a drug development accelerator (CRO/CDMO) and factors to keep in mind when selecting a partner for the development of your next psychedelics therapeutic in our next webinar. Join our speakers Richard Castledine, Head of Drug Substance and Translational Pharmaceutics Operations, Alan McNeill, Head of Isotope Labelling, and Mark Anstiss, Head of Drug Substance Production, as they delve into the many challenges faced in the development of psychedelic APIs, derivatives, and analogues. Dr. Castledine, Dr. McNeill, and Dr. Anstiss will explain how Quotient Sciences and our team of experts can support the development of your API and help you reach your development milestones in this exciting and fast-moving area. Key takeaways: How the development landscape has evolved with a recent resurgent interest in psychedelic compounds How to address challenges around scale up and 14C synthesis of psychedelic compounds How to operate compliantly with these compounds, and the related EH&S, legal, and regulatory considerations that must be considered How Quotient Sciences has applied its experience with compounds derived from and related to cannabinoids, psilocybin, and ketamine to the development of new therapies Who should attend: Professionals responsible for the development of small molecule psychedelic APIs at biotechnology start-ups and small/midsize pharmaceutical companies Outsourcing managers Drug development consultants Register now Register Register now Times June 4, 2024 7:00 AM PST 10:00 AM EST 3:00 PM GMT Register now: Psychedelics Drug Development: Navigating the Science, Regulatory & Outsourcing Landscape Meet our speakers: Dr. Mark Anstiss Head of Production, Drug Substance Synthesis Manufacturing Dr. Mark Anstiss has over 15 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and fine chemical and industries spanning Process Research ... Contact Us Dr. Alan McNeill Head of Isotope Labelling Dr. Alan McNeill is Head of the Isotope Labelling team at Quotient Sciences. Alan has 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical... Contact Us Richard Castledine Head of Drug Substance and Translational Pharmaceutics Operations Richard Castledine is Head of Drug Substance Operations at Quotient Sciences. He has 15 years of experience in the pharmaceutical ... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Drug Substance, PR&D, Careers, Alnwick A Day in the Life of a Process Research and Development (PR&D) Chemist By: Max Critchlow Read More Drug Substance How to Accelerate Your Molecule’s Pathway to IND and Beyond By: Eleanor Row Read More Read More Quotient Sciences are equipped to fully support your molecule’s journey from candidate selection to the clinic. We hold licenses for the supply, manufacture, and possession of Schedule 1 to 4 drugs and offer a comprehensive range of services. Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/accelerating-drug-product-optimization-using-translational-pharmaceutics-0
Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics Cambridge, MA, United States | 6 June 2024 Home Events Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics Overview Drug product optimization is a critical development step that is common for most drugs that are progressing through today’s development pipelines to respond to suboptimal exposure profiles, to transition from an early development formulation to one suitable for chronic administration in patients, or as part of a life-cycle management strategy. Traditional drug product optimization processes take 12-18 months to complete and place significant emphasis on the predictive power of laboratory and preclinical assessments. This approach is a non-optimal working model necessitated by the multiple disciplines required to develop, make and test new formulations in humans. In this presentation, Dr. Aruna Railkar, Senior Drug Development Consultant, will describe the application of Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® to re-engineer and streamline the drug product optimization process, using clinical data to improve decision-making and halve development timelines. Key learning objectives: Develop an understanding of Translational Pharmaceutics® when applied to drug product optimization Hear case studies on reformulation programs Date/Agenda Location Thursday, June 6, 2024 Registration & Networking 11:30 AM-12:00 PM Seminar/Lunch 12:00-12:45 PM Q&A/Wrap Up 12:45-1:15 PM Catalyst Restaurant 300 Technology Square Cambridge, MA 02139 Register now *We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to deny registration or remove any individual who is not a confirmed current or potential client/partner of Quotient Sciences. Register now Register Location Catalyst Restaurant 300 Technology Square, Cambridge, MA 02139 Cambridge, MA, United States Register now: Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics Meet our expert: We look forward to meeting you at our seminar taking place in Cambridge, MA Dr. Aruna Railkar Senior Drug Development Consultant Dr. Aruna Railkar is a Senior Drug Development Consultant. She works in the areas of NCE screening, compound characterization and ... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Formulation Development, Early Development, Drug Product Optimization, Late Development, Dr. Andrew Lewis Integrated Development Strategies, Part 2: Reformulating for clinical and commercial success By: Dr. Andrew Lewis Read More Biopharmaceutics, Early Development, Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development The Role of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More Integrated Programs, Drug Substance, Drug Product, Clinical Pharmacology, Candidate Development From Drug Substance to Drug Product to Clinic: Benefits of working with an integrated services provider By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/accelerating-drug-product-optimization-using-translational-pharmaceutics
Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics Gaithersburg, MD, United States | 12 June 2024 Home Events Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics Overview Drug product optimization is a critical development step that is common for most drugs that are progressing through today’s development pipelines to respond to suboptimal exposure profiles, to transition from an early development formulation to one suitable for chronic administration in patients, or as part of a life-cycle management strategy. Traditional drug product optimization processes take 12-18 months to complete and place significant emphasis on the predictive power of laboratory and preclinical assessments. This approach is a non-optimal working model necessitated by the multiple disciplines required to develop, make and test new formulations in humans. In this presentation, Dr. Aruna Railkar, Senior Drug Development Consultant, will describe the application of Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® to re-engineer and streamline the drug product optimization process, using clinical data to improve decision-making and halve development timelines. Key learning objectives: Develop an understanding of Translational Pharmaceutics® when applied to drug product optimization Hear case studies on reformulation programs Date/Agenda Location Wednesday, June 12, 2024 Registration & Networking 4:15-5:00 PM Seminar/Dinner 5:00-5:45 PM Q&A/Wrap Up 5:45-6:00 PM Copper Canyon Grill 100 Boardwalk Place Gaithersburg, MD 20878 Register now *We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to deny registration or remove any individual who is not a confirmed current or potential client/partner of Quotient Sciences. Register now Register Location Copper Canyon Grill 100 Boardwalk Place, Gaithersburg, MD 20878 Gaithersburg, MD, United States Register now: Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics Meet our expert: We look forward to meeting you at our seminar taking place in Gaithersburg, MD. Dr. Aruna Railkar Senior Drug Development Consultant Dr. Aruna Railkar is a Senior Drug Development Consultant. She works in the areas of NCE screening, compound characterization and ... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Formulation Development, Early Development, Drug Product Optimization, Late Development, Dr. Andrew Lewis Integrated Development Strategies, Part 2: Reformulating for clinical and commercial success By: Dr. Andrew Lewis Read More Biopharmaceutics, Early Development, Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development The Role of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More Integrated Programs, Drug Substance, Drug Product, Clinical Pharmacology, Candidate Development From Drug Substance to Drug Product to Clinic: Benefits of working with an integrated services provider By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/oxford-drug-development-workshop
Oxford Drug Development Workshop | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Oxford Drug Development Workshop Oxfordshire | 13 June 2024 Home Events Oxford Drug Development Workshop Overview Join us for an insightful seminar taking place at Milton Park Oxford. At Quotient Sciences, we strive to deliver a full-service drug development offering that meets the needs of the industry and our customers. The purpose of this event is to connect with you to ensure that we are aligned and aware of the challenges that you are facing and to get your input on the needs, drivers and service gaps that exist in the CDMO/CRO sector to better support you. In this presentation, Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli, Senior Director of Product Development, and Dr. Andrew Parker, Senior Drug Development Consultant, will discuss considerations when navigating the pre-clinical to clinical transition, delving into the regulatory expectations and the needs of enabling technologies for poorly soluble molecules, among other topics. Our speakers will review the solutions that our team have developed to help customers successfully navigate through development milestones, leveraging the Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. They will share rationale for assessing amorphous solid dispersions when compared with lipidics and size reduction, and show how these can be easily translated into fit-for-purpose, first-in-human (FIH) presentations suitable for oral administration and enabling dose escalation. Key learning objectives: How to identify the best development strategy, technology(s) and candidate(s), demonstrate solubility improvement and stability. Justify selection of prototypes as being suitable for testing in animals and potentially improving exposure to meet toxicology multiples required to justify entering a FIH study. Where to invest from early stage, modularity of the preclinical screen and how it can be refined based on your needs. Register now Date/Agenda Location Thursday, June 13, 2024 Registration 10-10:30 AM Presentation 10:30-11:30 AM Networking & Lunch 11:30-1 PM Bee House 140 Eastern Avenue Milton Park, Oxfordshire OX14 4SB Register now *We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to deny registration or remove any individual who is not a confirmed current or potential client/partner of Quotient Sciences. Register Register now Times Registration 10-10:30 AM Presentation 10:30-11:30 AM Networking & Lunch 11:30-1 PM Location Bee House 140 Eastern Avenue, Milton Park, OX14 4SB Oxfordshire Register now: Oxford Drug Development Workshop Meet our experts: We look forward to meeting you at our Drug Development Workshop in Oxford. Dr. Andrew Parker Senior Drug Development Consultant Dr. Andrew Parker has two decades of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, spanning from preclinical development, through ear... Contact Us Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli Senior Director of Product Development Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli is a Senior Director of Product Development at Quotient Sciences, with responsibility for scientific program... Contact Us Charlotte Hannigan Associate Director, Business Development With a chemistry background, I have technical and commercial experience in the pharmaceutical industry, spanning a range of discip... About Charlotte More insight from our experts: Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events?page=0
Events | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Events Schedule a meeting with our scientific experts at an upcoming industry or Quotient Sciences event. Home Events Live Webinar CMC Strategies to Manage the Risks Associated with Accelerated Submission Pathways 30 May 2024 Register Today! 1 - 10 of 14 results Tradeshow & Conference Bio Integrates 2024 Cambridge, UK | 15 May 2024 Learn more Tradeshow & Conference DDF Europe 2024 Berlin, Germany | 21 May 2024 - 23 May 2024 Learn more Tradeshow & Conference Psychedelic Therapeutics & Drug Development Conference Boston, MA, United States | 23 May 2024 - 24 May 2024 Learn more Live Seminar Rationalizing the Preclinical-Clinical Hurdle – How to Overcome the Toxicology Exposure Challenge Basel, Switzerland | 28 May 2024 Learn more Live Webinar CMC Strategies to Manage the Risks Associated with Accelerated Submission Pathways 30 May 2024 Learn more Tradeshow & Conference BIO International 2024 San Diego, CA, USA | 3 June 2024 - 6 June 2024 Learn more Live Webinar Psychedelics Drug Development: Navigating the Science, Regulatory & Outsourcing Landscape 4 June 2024 Learn more Live Seminar Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics Cambridge, MA, United States | 6 June 2024 Learn more Live Seminar Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics Gaithersburg, MD, United States | 12 June 2024 Learn more Live Seminar Oxford Drug Development Workshop Oxfordshire | 13 June 2024 Learn more Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Next page Next › Last page Last » Learn more about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Contact us to schedule a meeting at an upcoming event. Contact Us Latest News Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events?page=1
Events | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Events Schedule a meeting with our scientific experts at an upcoming industry or Quotient Sciences event. Home Events Live Webinar CMC Strategies to Manage the Risks Associated with Accelerated Submission Pathways 30 May 2024 Register Today! 11 - 14 of 14 results Tradeshow & Conference BOS Basel 2024 Basel, Switzerland | 19 June 2024 - 20 June 2024 Learn more Tradeshow & Conference Controlled Modified Drug Release Summit Princeton, United States | 25 June 2024 - 26 June 2024 Learn more Tradeshow & Conference CPHI Worldwide 2024 Milan, Italy | 8 October 2024 - 10 October 2024 Learn more Tradeshow & Conference BOS Manchester 2024 Manchester, UK | 26 November 2024 - 27 November 2024 Learn More Pagination First page « First Previous page ‹ Previous Page 1 Current page 2 Learn more about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Contact us to schedule a meeting at an upcoming event. Contact Us Latest News Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/capabilities
Capabilities | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Facility Capabilities We operate from state-of-the-art manufacturing and clinical facilities in the U.S. and U.K. Learn about our global capabilities. Our Locations What We Do Home About Us Locations Capabilities Our Global Support Our facilities include two clinical pharmacology units, and two purpose-built pharmaceutical development and manufacturing sites amongst others. We support you by working under FDA or MHRA guidelines and offer a full range of support services, from study setup through to rapid data analysis and reporting. Global Formulation & Manufacturing Pharmaceutical development and manufacturing facilities in the U.S. and U.K. Production of Phase I – Phase III clinical drug supplies Commercial product manufacture for solid dosage forms U.S. facility is FDA / EMA / PMDA approved, U.K. facility is MHRA approved GMP manufacturing suites globally including high potent compound handling Scalable manufacturing equipment for non-sterile dosage forms Batch sizes ranging from small scale (200g) to large scale (500kg) for tablet and capsule drug products Clinical packaging, labeling and global distribution for Phase I – Phase IIb programs Explore Our Services Explore Integrated Programs Global Clinical Pharmacology Two purpose built Phase I units in the U.S. (Miami) and U.K. (Nottingham) >245 bed capacity across Miami (U.S.), and Nottingham (U.K.) Experienced team of 16 physicians and principal investigators >1,300 Phase I studies completed to date Database of >25,000 active participants across a broad demographic Medical writing, data management, pharmacokinetics, statistical analysis and reporting Clinical Pharmacology Services Clinical Trial Volunteers Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/alnwick-uk
Alnwick, UK | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, UK Watch video Loading... Home About Us Locations Alnwick, UK Alnwick, UK Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, UK Taylor Drive, Alnwick, Northumberland, UK, NE66 2DH +44 (0)1665 608 300 Get Directions Services Drug Substance Synthesis & Manufacturing Isotope Labeling Bioanalysis Formulation Development Clinical Trial Manufacturing All Services Mark Egerton - Former CEO, Quotient Sciences "Working with customers at the point of candidate nomination, we can now design the most streamlined programs and significantly accelerate their development timelines." Overview In February 2021, Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, UK was added to our integrated, global network with the acquisition of Arcinova, a UK contract development & manufacturing organization (CDMO). In late 2022, we opened a £6-million state-of-the-art building expansion of our Alnwick facility featuring multi-purpose capacity of up to 15 GMP reactor streams with reactor volumes ranging from 5 liters up to 150 liters and deployment of both batch or continuous flow chemistry technologies. Read Announcement What's new at Quotient Sciences - Alnwick? More News Acquisitions & Growth, Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Major Investment in Sterile Fill/Finish Capacity in Response to Increasing Industry Demand Read Now News & Announcements, Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Successful US FDA Inspection of Alnwick, UK Facility Read Now Acquisitions & Growth, Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Significant Growth in Workforce at Alnwick, UK, Facility Read Now More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/edinburgh-uk
Edinburgh, UK | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Welcome to Quotient Sciences - Edinburgh, UK Home About Us Locations Edinburgh, UK Edinburgh, UK 1st Floor West Suite, Verdant Redheughs Rigg, Edinburgh, EH12 9DQ Get Directions Services Data Sciences All Services Data Sciences, Careers, Dennis Henderson Spotlight on Data Sciences at Quotient Sciences By: Dennis Henderson Read More Overview Quotient Sciences has had a presence in Edinburgh, UK since early 2009. 15 years later we continue to have a team of data scientists based in Edinburgh. A significant amount of data is generated during our clinical trials. This needs to be carefully processed, analyzed, interpreted, and reported. Our Data Sciences team therefore play a crucial role for our customers. Their rapid data, analysis and results inform and accelerate their drug development programs. Our Data Sciences department supports clinical trials conducted at our Miami, US , and Nottingham, UK , clinics. What's new at Quotient Sciences - Edinburgh? News & Announcements, Nottingham, UK Quotient Sciences Expands Formulation Development Capabilities at Nottingham, UK Learn More News & Announcements, Translational Pharmaceutics®, Nottingham, UK, Reading, UK Quotient Sciences Expands UK Facilities to Support the Delivery of Translational Pharmaceutics® Programs Learn More News & Announcements, Nottingham, UK Quotient Sciences Sponsors 2022 Nottingham Festival of Science and Curiosity Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/nottingham-uk
Nottingham, UK (HQ) | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Welcome to Quotient Sciences - Nottingham, UK Global Headquarters Home About Us Locations Nottingham, UK (HQ) Address Quotient Sciences - Nottingham, UK Mere Way, Ruddington, Nottingham, UK, NG11 6JS +44 (0)115 974 9000 Get Directions Services Translational Pharmaceutics® Clinical Pharmacology Formulation Development Clinical Trial Manufacturing All Services Site Spotlight, Nottingham, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Andrew Lewis Spotlight on Nottingham By: Clare Preskey & Dr. Andrew Lewis Read More Overview Quotient Sciences corporate headquarters in Nottingham, UK has been our base since 1990 . Our Nottingham HQ is home to a team of talented scientists and teams of people, working in a range of corporate functions including: Administration Clinical trial manufacturing and clinical pharmacology Corporate strategy and transformation Environmental health and safety Finance Human resources Information technology Legal Clinical Pharmacology Facility Over 650 Phase I studies completed Clinical unit with a dedicated 14 C ADME ward and laboratory On-site pharmaceutical laboratories and GMP manufacturing 7,000 active healthy volunteers in our database 45 Phase I CTA submissions annually (more than any other UK unit) What's new at Quotient Sciences - Nottingham? More News News & Announcements, Nottingham, UK Quotient Sciences Expands Formulation Development Capabilities at Nottingham, UK Read Now News & Announcements, Translational Pharmaceutics®, Nottingham, UK, Reading, UK Quotient Sciences Expands UK Facilities to Support the Delivery of Translational Pharmaceutics® Programs Read Now News & Announcements, Nottingham, UK Quotient Sciences Sponsors 2022 Nottingham Festival of Science and Curiosity Read Now More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/miami-fl-usa
Miami, FL, USA | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Welcome to Quotient Sciences - Miami, FL, USA Home About Us Locations Miami, FL, USA Miami, FL, USA 3898 NW 7th Street, Miami, FL 33126 (305) 644-9903 Get Directions Services Translational Pharmaceutics® Clinical Pharmacology All Services Site Spotlight, Miami, Pharmacy Compounding, Clinical Pharmacology Spotlight on Miami - Q&A By: Harpreet Smith Read More Loading... Overview Quotient Sciences - Miami is a dedicated, state-of-the-art, clinical pharmacology facility. During a period of rapid growth in the US, we acquired the specialist facility in 2017 from Seaview Research . Over 650 Phase I clinical studies completed 144-bed clinical unit with dedicated FIH wards On-site pharmacy , with clean rooms for aseptic products 19,000 active healthy volunteers in our database Recruitment for special subject populations What's new at Quotient Sciences - Miami? More News News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Completes Million Dollar Pharmacy Expansion at Miami Clinic Read Now More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/boothwyn-philadelphia-pa-usa
Boothwyn, Philadelphia, PA, USA | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Welcome to Quotient Sciences - Boothwyn, Philadelphia, PA, USA Home About Us Locations Boothwyn, Philadelphia, PA, USA Boothwyn, Philadelphia, PA, USA 3 Chelsea Parkway Boothwyn, PA 19061 Tel. (610) 485-4270 Call Us Get Directions Services Commercial Manufacturing Formulation Development Clinical Trial Manufacturing All Services Overview Our facility located in Boothwyn, just outside Philadelphia, PA offers customers seamless scale-up to late-phase manufacturing and commercial product supply. Integrated into our global network of facilities, Quotient Sciences Boothwyn works closely with our nearby Garnet Valley facility to accelerate drug development programs. What's new at Quotient Sciences - Philadelphia? Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Wins Multiple Categories in 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/garnet-valley-philadelphia-pa-usa
Garnet Valley, Philadelphia, PA, USA | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Welcome to Quotient Sciences - Garnet Valley, Philadelphia, PA, USA Home About Us Locations Garnet Valley, Philadelphia, PA, USA Garnet Valley, Philadelphia, PA, USA 3080 McCann Farm Drive, Garnet Valley, PA 19060 (610) 485 - 4270 Get Directions Services Translational Pharmaceutics® Formulation Development Clinical Trial Manufacturing All Services Mark Egerton - Former CEO commenting on our $15m investment "Our new facility was built in response to increasing demand for our early-phase formulation development and clinical trial manufacturing services. It is designed to optimize our ability to work with highly potent and poorly soluble molecules." Overview Our facility at Garnet Valley was acquired in 2017 and is focused on developing small molecule oral drug products, supporting development programs from the preclinical stage through to clinical proof-of-concept. It has seen significant expansion with the opening of a state-of-the-art, 45,000-square-foot facility. The $15 million investment created a center of excellence for early-phase formulation development and clinical trial manufacturing. Seamless scale-up to late-phase manufacturing and commercial product supply will continue at our nearby Chelsea Parkway, Boothwyn facility. What's new at Quotient Sciences - Philadelphia? Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Wins Multiple Categories in 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/reading-uk
Reading, UK | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Welcome to Quotient Sciences - Reading, UK Home About Us Locations Reading, UK Reading, UK Unit B, 5 Boulton Road, Reading, RG2 0NH +44 (0)1189 209900 Get Directions Services Translational Pharmaceutics® Formulation Development Clinical Trial Manufacturing All Services Overview In 2017, we acquired Pharmaterials, a CDMO based in Reading, UK. The acquisition strengthened and expanded our formulation and manufacturing capabilities and further supported the growth of our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform which continues to this day. In 2022, Reading completed a £1.5 million expansion of its early development and manufacturing facility. This doubled our formulation development and analytical footprint at the facility, with increased office space also part of the expansion as continue to grow our team. What's new at Quotient Sciences - Reading? News & Announcements, Translational Pharmaceutics®, Nottingham, UK, Reading, UK Quotient Sciences Expands UK Facilities to Support the Delivery of Translational Pharmaceutics® Programs Learn More Acquisitions & Growth, Reading, UK Quotient Sciences Significantly Expands Formulation and Manufacturing in UK Learn More Acquisitions & Growth, Reading, UK Quotient Sciences Acquires Pharmaterials, a UK-based Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/careers/why-quotient
Why choose a career with Quotient Sciences? | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Why choose a career with Quotient Sciences? Our people, our passion, our potential. Browse Jobs Home Careers Why choose a career with Quotient Sciences? At Quotient Sciences, we're proud of our people and the difference they make. We strive to provide supportive environments that nurture, challenge, and reward our people. Let us show you how. What makes us different? Individual respect We respect one another and celebrate diversity & inclusion. Industry expertise An agile environment based on scientific excellence, with colleagues that excel at what they do. Supportive teams We are strong together and support one another as a team. Learning & growth We encourage continuous learning, providing opportunities for both personal and professional growth. Rewarding work Our teams perform beyond expectation, and individuals achieve beyond their limits. Making a difference Your contribution goes beyond the customer. Each person at Quotient Sciences contributes to improving global health. Support for your career development We are passionate about your development and offer a range of learning opportunities to support your personal and professional development. A glance at our benefits At Quotient Sciences, we take care of you. We offer a full range of benefits that include online discounts, health and well-being initiatives, recognition programs, and more. Paid time off Time away from work is essential for your well-being. Our paid time off allowance ensures you have time to rest and recharge to keep healthy, both physically and mentally. Retirement planning Your retirement fund is important to help you plan for your future. Both you and the company make monthly contributions to your retirement savings plan. Online discounts We provide platforms that enable our employees to access a range of discounts in all areas of life, from food and drink, to entertainment, travel and leisure. Health & wellbeing We provide a wide range of benefits and programs to support your physical and mental health and wellbeing, some of which can be extended to include your families to ensure they are also supported. Recognition We offer a program of activities to recognize and reward exceptional performance and ways of working, including recognition for long service as well as continuous improvement. Charitable support Giving back is important to Quotient Sciences. Globally, we support charitable causes each year, with activities that help raise money and build employee engagement for the cause. Careers at Quotient Sciences Interested in joining our team? Browse Jobs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/careers/life
Life at Quotient Sciences | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Life at Quotient Sciences Find out what makes us special. Browse Jobs Home Careers Life at Quotient Sciences We want our people to make their mark, challenge themselves, and achieve more than they ever thought was possible. Learn more about the culture and life at Quotient Sciences. Loading... Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Diversity and inclusion are cornerstone values on which we build our teams, cultivate our leaders, and foster a collaborative environment that provides a sense of acceptance for every person inside it. Learn More Charitable Giving We have supported a range of charitable organizations from around the world such as Papyrus, Alzheimer’s Association US and Alzheimer’s Research UK, Voices for Children, and Alex’s Lemonade Stand. Insight right from the people that know us best: our colleagues. Our colleagues share insight about their careers, what they enjoy most about working here, and more. Read what it's like to work at Quotient Sciences' locations, right from our team. Meet Faria Senjoti, CMC Leader "I feel that there are always opportunities to grow and progress within Quotient Sciences. I like that I am a part of a positive culture, where the contributions are valued and appreciated." Faria is a CMC Leader based at our Reading, UK facility. Read Faria's Story Meet Tim Dack, Purchasing Operations Manager "If you’re keen to learn, we’re geared up to guide you as far as you want to go. We encourage growth and want to offer the opportunity to excel." Tim is a Purchasing Operations Manager based at our Nottingham, UK facility. Read Tim's Story Life at Quotient Sciences A Day in the Life of a Clinical Research Nurse Read More More colleague stories Read More Careers, Miami Colleague Stories: A day in the life of a Project Manager at Quotient Sciences Learn more Careers, Miami Colleague Stories: Interview with Harpreet Smith Learn more Nottingham, Careers Colleague Stories: Yolanda Gibson Learn more Careers, Nottingham Colleague Stories: Interview with Kate Foster Learn more Careers, Nottingham Colleague Stories: Interview with Jordan Dickens Learn more Careers, Nottingham Colleague Stories: Interview with Jasbir Singh By: Jasbir Singh Learn more Read More Take a look at some activities coordinated by our colleagues: Reading and Edinburgh colleagues have participated in past Walktober for CHAS events, Tough Mudder competitions, and other charity walks and runs Nottingham colleagues have played Fantasy Football in aid of the Rainbows Children's Hospice Bake sales and activities to recognize Pride month Nottingham "Bake Off" events to raise money for charities Miami pot-luck events in recognition of Hispanic Heritage Month Careers at Quotient Sciences Browse available career opportunities at all locations Apply today Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services
Tailored Drug Development Services | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Tailored Drug Development & Manufacturing Services A comprehensive range of services and industry-leading expertise for your program Watch video Loading... Contact Us One Partner From candidate selection through to commercial supply, we offer both standalone and integrated services that help you across all stages of drug development. 30+ Years Experience We bring deep expertise in drug development, along with a multidisciplinary scientific team, to your program. Over 3,000 Molecules We have helped leading pharma and biotech companies develop and manufacture a range of treatments, for simple up to the most challenging molecules. Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Our Manifesto Leverage our development and manufacturing expertise, to benefit your business. Drug Substance Learn about our drug substance synthesis and manufacturing capabilities including recent technical and capability updates to our Alnwick, UK facility. Learn More Formulation Development We have over 30 years of experience in formulation development services for small molecules and synthetic peptides. We create simple and complex dosag... Learn More Clinical Trial Manufacturing Tailored to meet the needs of clinical trial design and clinical manufacturing, focused on producing drugs for use in clinical research. Learn More Commercial Manufacturing Quotient Sciences manufactures a range of simple to complex dosage forms, with a track record of working with higher-value products that may require l... Learn More Clinical Pharmacology When you are looking for a partner who is dedicated to Phase I trials and early development, rely on Quotient Sciences. We accelerate your molecule fr... Learn More Bioanalysis Highly sensitive bioanalytical techniques enable the identification and quantification of analytes, such as small molecules, peptides, proteins, nucle... Learn More Data Sciences You need data rapidly to make crucial decisions during a study. Faster data means we can provide our customers with earlier interim data and interim P... Learn More Drug Development Consulting Our consultants have a proven track-record of cutting across industry silos to reduce the time and cost of development. With hands-on development exp... Learn More Drug Product Our consultants have a proven track-record of cutting across industry silos to reduce the time and cost of development. With hands-on development exp... Learn More 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/principles
Science, Agility & Culture | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Science, Agility & Culture These are the principles that guide us each day. Watch video Loading... Our Manifesto Home About Us Principles: Science, Agility & Culture Our guiding principles allow us to be creative and innovative. These three principles, along with our manifesto and company vision, allow us to do what we do for you, for patients, and for improving global health. Science This is our non-negotiable foundation, uncompromised scientific integrity committed to turning ideas into solutions, molecules into cures. Agility Speed is of the essence. Speed which does not compromise scientific integrity. Athletic speed. Agility. Cutting through silos. Eliminating obstacles. Saving time. Culture A culture of supportive teamwork with people who work hard together and enjoy it. People who respect each other’s abilities. People who know that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Make your mark at Quotient Sciences. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we are a trusted partner to the pharmaceutical industry. Join us on our mission to make a difference for global health and molecules to cures, fast, for those in need. Careers at Quotient Sciences Explore Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Manifesto We believe that your molecules need to become cures, fast. Read Our Manifesto Our Heritage Since 1990, we have transformed into a renowned, global drug development services provider. See Our Journey Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Solutions Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics
Translational Pharmaceutics®: Integrated Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Translational Pharmaceutics® Proven to accelerate drug development for over 15 years. Download Whitepaper Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics A different approach to drug development. We brought meaningful innovation to the pharmaceutical industry in 2008 with Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® – a unique drug delivery platform proven to shorten development times by more than 12 months. Proven to reduce time, cost and complexity for over 15 years. Over 15 years and more than 500 programs completed, Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform is still a proven choice to accelerate molecules through development and reach the market, faster. Download Fact Sheet Integrated capabilities for drug substance, clinical testing & drug product development. Translational Pharmaceutics® accelerates molecules through development by integrating traditionally siloed services. Drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing activities are traditionally siloed. Oftentimes, multiple providers are selected to handle these activities, creating handovers between providers that add time and cost to the drug development process. The Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform allows us to optimize your drug development needs. By integrating those activities, we help you reach key milestones as quickly and efficiently as possible. Understanding the dependencies between drug substance properties, formulation design, and clinical outcomes enables us to enhance development efficiency and help you achieve your goals at each development stage: Bridging from candidate development to first in human (FIH) studies Accelerating molecules from FIH to proof of concept (POC) Rapid drug product optimization Manufacturing your product at commercial scale Image Contact Us Benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics® A faster, integrated approach to drug development. Timeline acceleration by 12 months or more Cost savings in R&D spend Better decisions based on emerging human clinical data Provides flexibility to adjust formulation composition within a study Conserves drug substance by up to 85% Streamlines & simplifies vendor management & supply chain Validated by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development The Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for drug development has been used on over 500 drug programs. The financial benefits and time savings were quantified in a publication by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD). Read The Report What our customers say about Translational Pharmaceutics® Read real insight from small and large pharmaceutical and biotech companies about their experiences working with Quotient Sciences and leveraging our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for their drug program. Ready to discuss how Translational Pharmaceutics® can be applied to save time and cost in your next drug program? Contact us today. Let's Talk Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio Drug Product Optimization Unique and innovative formulations help our customers achieve their drug program goals. Find out about our rapid formulation optimization programs. Learn More Now With Drug Substance Seamless coordination between drug substance and drug product manufacturing results in efficient and accelerated drug development. Learn More Tufts Report Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) compares the savings and financial benefits for drug developers that use Translational Pharmaceu... Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-substance
Drug Substance Manufacturing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Substance Development & Manufacturing Tailored drug substance services to suit your needs. Learn about our drug substance synthesis and manufacturing capabilities. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Drug Substance Reduce drug substance manufacturing costs by 50% from preclinical to Phase I. Loading... Quotient Sciences provides drug substance synthesis and manufacturing services from candidate selection through to commercial production. Download Info Sheet A streamlined approach to developing drug substance With our tactical deployment of best-in-class technologies, we minimize chemistry costs and move your drug substance supply off the critical path. To best support our customers' needs, we have made significant investments in technologies and equipment to meet the increasing demand for complex small-scale drug substance manufacturing. Our streamlined approach to developing drug substances has been shown to reduce manufacturing costs by 50% from pre-clinical to Phase I. The First Kilograms of GMP Drug Substance Learn more about our capabilities in our latest whitepaper. Download Whitepaper At a Glance We move your drug substance supply off the critical path We always strive to produce economical processes for high-purity drug substances that can be rapidly scaled from grams to multi-kilograms. Our highly experienced chemistry, analytical, and drug development teams can support route selection, process development, critical process parameter (CPP) definition, experimental design (DoE), and impurity tracking/control, as well as developing bespoke and innovative solutions for our customers' technically difficult challenges. Reduce drug substance manufacturing costs by 50% from pre-clinical to Phase I We adopt a streamlined approach to developing drug substances at our state-of-the-art facility in Alnwick, UK. This has been shown to reduce manufacturing costs by 50% from pre-clinical to Phase I. Significant investments in technologies and equipment At our facility in Alnwick, UK we have made some significant investments in equipment and technologies to meet the increasing demand for complex small-scale drug substance manufacturing. Bringing four decades of experience to optimize drug substance manufacturing processes We pride ourselves on quickly delivering high-purity drug substances and can rapidly scale up manufacturing at our cutting-edge facility. With more than 40 years of experience in synthetic organic chemistry, coupled with extensive expertise in flow chemistry, synthetic biology, and biocatalysis, we can optimize manufacturing processes and save months of development time for our customers. Rapidly scale up manufacturing at our cutting-edge Alnwick facility A multi-million-pound state-of-the-art building expansion of our Alnwick, UK, facility delivers comprehensive, integrated support for customers bridging from candidate selection to early clinical development and beyond. The newly expanded space features multi-purpose capacity of up to 15 GMP reactor streams with reactor volumes ranging from 5 liters up to 150 liters and deployment of both batch or continuous flow chemistry technologies. Drug Substance Services GMP & Non-GMP Manufacturing Our facilities can provide both GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) and non-GMP drug substance manufacturing, with the ability to generate kilogram-per-... Learn More Solid State Services Our expertise in solid-form screening and selection, with material scientists working closely with drug substance chemists, can help to identify the m... Learn More Stability Testing We produce high-quality stability data through a combination of analytical, microbiological, and material science methodologies. Learn More Isotopic Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Learn More Drug Substance Process Research and Development (PR&D) Learn about our Process Research and Development services for drug substance development and manufacturing. Learn More Creating the foundation for successful API development Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Download Whitepaper Putting our decades of experience to work to move your drug substance supply off the critical path We pride ourselves on quickly delivering high-purity drug substances and can rapidly scale up manufacturing at our cutting-edge facility. With decades of experience in synthetic organic chemistry, coupled with extensive expertise in flow chemistry, synthetic biology, and biocatalysis, we can optimize manufacturing processes and save months of development time for our customers. Our highly experienced chemistry, analytical, and drug development teams can support route selection, process development, critical process parameter (CPP) definition, experimental design (DoE), and impurity tracking/control, as well as developing bespoke and innovative solutions for our customers' technically difficult challenges. Loading... A look at our facility: Drug substance manufacturing in Alnwick, UK We deliver comprehensive drug substance services from our Alnwick, UK, facility. Our recently expanded space features multi-purpose capacity of up to 15 GMP reactor streams with reactor volumes ranging from 5 liters up to 150 liters, and deployment of both batch or continuous flow chemistry technologies. Learn More Drug Substance API: What our customers say "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/bioanalysis
Bioanalysis | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Bioanalysis Over 40 years of experience delivering rapid bioanalytical data in discovery, preclinical and clinical development stages. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Bioanalysis Rapid bioanalytical data to meet your program's milestones Delivering rapid bioanalytical data is critical to meeting milestones faster in drug development. At Quotient Sciences, we are experts in the development, validation, and application of bioanalytical assays. Highly sensitive bioanalytical techniques enable the identification and quantification of analytes, such as small molecules, peptides, proteins, nucleic acids, and metabolites, all from very small volumes of biological samples. From drug discovery to preclinical and clinical studies, understanding drug exposure, safety, and metabolism are essential in accelerating drugs to clinic and commercialization. Download Info Sheet At a Glance GLP and GCP accredited laboratories Our GLP- and GCP-accredited facilities provide comprehensive bioanalytical support to studies through preclinical, through to Phase I, and onwards to Phase II and III. Short lead times and rapid turnaround We deliver rapid bioanalytical data in the discovery, preclinical, and clinical stages. Our state-of-the-art equipment includes: LC-MS/MS, LC-HR-MS, ICP-MS, ICP-MS/MS, GC-MS, and GC-MS/MS. Over 40 years of scientific expertise in bioanalytical assays We are experts in the development, validation, and application of bioanalytical assays with over 40 years of scientific expertise. Over 400 bioanalytical assays developed, validated, and applied For our customers, we have developed over 400 methods (LC-MS, GC-MS, ICP-MS). We have expertise in specialist areas including; Insulin analogues & polypeptide drugs, elemental analysis, volatile drugs, and biomarkers. Integrated toxicokinetics and pharmacokinetics analysis and reporting We offer expert TK and PK data analysis and reporting, supporting pre-clinical and clinical studies. Working together with our expert PK team, we can reduce the risk of downstream delays in later phases of your drug development. Combining our development and validation experience of over 400 bioanalytical assays, along with our integrated service lines, we can ensure that critical decision-making data are rapidly processed, robust, and reliable. Our dedicated bioanalytical chemists are globally recognized and have decades of experience in supporting all stages of drug development. At every stage, we can help you gain a better understanding of the fate of your drug in the human body. With our cutting-edge mass spectrometry equipment, we can identify and quantify analytes to determine if, and how, a drug is metabolized in the body. When used in conjunction with the range of extraction technologies available, we can support you in the development of highly selective and sensitive assays. Our experts can quickly develop, validate, and implement bioanalytical LC-MS, GC-MS, and ICP-MS assays for small- and large-molecule drugs, biomarkers, and elements in compliance with regulatory standards. Broad range of platforms Liquid chromatography with mass spectrometry (LC-MS) Inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) Gas chromatography with mass spectrometry (GC-MS) High-resolution mass spectrometry Liquid chromatography with ion-trap mass spectrometry (LC-TRAP-MS) Liquid chromatography with time-of-flight mass spectrometry (LC-TOF-MS) Global compliance and regulatory Good Laboratory Practice (GLP)- and Good Clinical Practice (GCP)-accredited laboratories US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) European Medicines Agency (EMA) UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) Specialist areas of expertise Insulin analogues and polypeptide drugs Elemental analysis Volatile drugs and biomarkers Comprehensive bioanalytical support at every stage Preclinical Drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics (DMPK) Pre-clinical pharmacology TK, including GLP toxicology studies Dose escalation and selection Phase I FIH – single ascending dose (SAD) and multiple ascending dose (MAD) Relative bioavailability and PK Clinical pharmacology Drug-drug interaction (DDI) Bioequivalence 14 C absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion (ADME) and mass balance Pharmacodynamic (PD), metabolite, and biomarker analysis Phase II and III Global, multi-center trials Relative bioavailability and PK PD, metabolite, and biomarker analysis A closer look at our equipment and applications Instrumentation Applications Inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) Inductively coupled plasma tandem mass spectrometry (ICP-MS/MS) Elemental analysis Xevo ultra-performance liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS/MS) Analysis of small-molecule new chemical entities (NCEs) Analysis of peptides, small proteins, and new biological entities (NBEs) Highly sensitive, with a lower limit of quantification (LLOQ) <1 ng/mL High throughput Quantum and Vantage UPLC-MS/MS Analysis of small-molecule NCEs Sensitive, with a LLOQ ~1 ng/mL High throughput Gas chromatography with mass spectrometry (GC-MS) Gas chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (GC-MS/MS) Detection and analysis of volatile analytes for NCEs and biomarkers Liquid chromatography with quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (LC-QTOF-MS) High-resolution structural identification for NCEs Peptide and protein identification NBE analysis Liquid chromatography with inductively coupled plasma tandem mass spectrometry (LC-ICP-MS/MS) Elemental speciation Liquid chromatography with ion-trap mass spectrometry (LC-TRAP-MS) High-resolution structural identification for NCEs Expert insight in bioanalysis: More Blogs Paige Bellis, Bioanalysis, Bioanalytical Method Development, Alnwick, Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Learn More Bioanalysis Bioanalytical Strategies that Accelerate the Development of Assays for Insulin Analogues and Other Large Peptides By: Michael Blackburn Learn More Bioanalysis Scientific Poster Spotlight: Novel Copper Protein Speciation Method for Calculating Serum Non-Ceruloplasmin Copper: A Comparative Analysis Learn More More Blogs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-substance/gmp-and-non-gmp-manufacturing
Drug Substance: GMP & Non-GMP Manufacturing | What We Do | | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Substance: GMP & Non-GMP Manufacturing How can I accelerate my supply? Contact Us Home Drug Substance GMP and Non-GMP Manufacturing Expanded capabilities, improved technologies to better support your needs. Quotient Sciences' facilities provide both GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) and non-GMP drug substance manufacturing, with the ability to generate kilogram-per-day quantities. Kilo Lab/Pilot Plant Manufacturing We have access to scale-up and pilot plant assets that complement our on-site facilities, featuring a capacity range between 50 L and 1300 L capable of producing 5-100 kg in batch. Our internal manufacturing assets (batch, CSTR, trickle bed, and plug flow) range from multi-gram to multi-kilogram capacity (multi-tonne per annum capability). We can meet drug substance requirements from pre-clinical through to full-scale commercial phases. The scale-up process is executed by a highly experienced manufacturing team, providing customers with a secure source of supply for technically challenging projects. Additionally, our investment in innovative, flexible modular manufacturing technology enables us to quickly configure reactors for drug substance (API) manufacturing, then rapidly reassemble reactors for the next project. Alnwick Drug Substance Expansion At a Glance 5-L GMP and non-GMP process chemistry facilities with full thermal control 20-L GMP state-of-the-art reactor streams housed in dedicated walk-in fume cupboards with operating temperatures from -90°C up to +180°C Full integration of reactor stream data logging to a dedicated server, enabling GMP monitoring of all key reaction parameters (pressure, temperature etc.) and real-time process optimization State-of-the-art dedicated material storage area, enabling safe storage of a range of chemical classes and segregation of quarantine and released materials Flexible continuous manufacturing units (FlowSyn, trickle-bed, and Salamander reactors with pressure capabilities up to 50 bar and operating temperatures up to 180°C) – these equipment trains have the capacity to generate kilogram quantities of materials per day Automated parallel reactor streams with ReactIR and integrated calorimetry (HFCal) and off-gassing measurement capability Onsite 150-L reactors A range of isolation and drying options, including mobile filter dryers (316 stainless steel and Hastelloy MOC) with up to 15-kg capacities Containment systems for handling compounds up to and including SafeBridge Band 3 What's new in Drug Substance Manufacturing? Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Drug Substance Manufacturing Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/human-adme
Human ADME Studies | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Human ADME Studies How can I simplify the delivery of my Human ADME Study? Watch video Loading... Contact us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Human ADME Studies Simplifying study delivery while maximizing data output. Loading... A human mass balance/ADME study is required for New Drug Applications (NDA). Quotient Sciences is a leading provider of human ADME 14C radiolabeled studies. Download Whitepaper Human ADME know-how and regulatory expertise The goal of a human mass balance study is to understand how drugs are absorbed, metabolized, and excreted (AME) after dosing. This information is critical as it helps determine if any other clinical investigations might be necessary for a new drugs regulatory approval. Whether you're approaching the end of Phase II clinical development or planning for your regulatory submission, Quotient Sciences can help you simplify the delivery of your human ADME studies, whilst maximizing data output. We have the scientific expertise and operational know-how to design and deliver human ADME programs in preparation for New Drug Application (NDA), Marketing Authorization Application (MAA), and global regulatory filings. Synthesis-to-Clinic®: Integrated Human ADME Studies Quotient Sciences' Synthesis-to-Clinic® approach pulls all the necessary elements required for the completion of a human ADME program together into a single, integrated program of work. We drive efficient development and manufacturing of 14C drug products tailored to the specific requirements of your ADME program — including intravenous (IV) products to generate IV pharmacokinetic and absolute bioavailability data, where appropriate. Human ADME Studies: What our customers say We conducted a 14C human ADME study with Quotient Sciences… We were extremely satisfied with all aspects of the study, including project management, formulation development, manufacture, clinical conduct, and reporting. We would use Quotient Sciences again for this type of study. Oliver Schueller Senior Vice President , Kadmon, a Sanofi Company Our experts Iain Shaw is Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development at Quotient Sciences. Iain has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including more than 20 years of drug development experience and extensive experience with 14C human ADME studies. Meet Iain Our capabilities Our team of experts have extensive chemical and radiochemical knowledge and experience of isotopically labeling hundreds of molecular entities. Isotopic Labeling What's new in Human ADME? Human ADME, First-in-Human Delivering Human ADME Studies By: Iain Shaw Learn More Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Learn More Candidate Development, First-in-Human How to streamline the development of your molecule from candidate selection to first-in-human clinical testing By: Stephen Byard Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development
Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Formulation Development Over 30 years of formulation development expertise, underpinned by biopharmaceutics, clinical data and knowledge. We can support your formulation development needs. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Tailored formulation development for your drug product. Loading... Quotient Sciences’ formulation teams have vast experience and a proven track record across an array of drug product formats for administration via oral, inhaled, topical, rectal and parenteral routes. We are trusted experts in formulation design. Download Info Sheet Over 30 years of formulation development expertise We have more than 30 years of experience developing a breadth of formulation services for small molecules and synthetic peptides, across a range of indications. With expertise in simple and complex dosage forms, we have formulated over 1,500 molecules. Dosage form development and manufacturing Our expertise across dosage forms includes capabilities for: Parenteral dosage forms Intravenous (IV) Intramuscular (IM) Subcutaneous (SC) Gels, ointments & creams dosage forms Rectal Topic Solid oral dosage forms API or formulated API in a bottle or capsule Immediate, modified, and sustained release tablets Multiparticulates, mini-tablets and granules Liquid filled capsules Orally disintegrating tablets (ODT) Oral & inhaled dosage forms Dry powders Solutions Suspensions Solubility-enhanced dosage forms Amorphous (Spray-dried, HME) dispersions Lipidic vehicles \- Self-emulsifying drug delivery systems (SEDDS) \- Self-micro emulsifying drug delivery systems (SMEDDS) Particle size reduction Complexation Your partner in formulation development Our track record in clinical research means we know what it takes to develop formulations across the full development pathway from preclinical to late stage. From fit-for-purpose preclinical and first-in-human (FIH) dosage forms to optimized drug products for late-stage development and market, we work with you to develop the most appropriate formulation based on the physicochemical and biopharmaceutics properties of your molecule. At a Glance A breadth of rapid formulation capabilities With over 30 years of experience, we provide full-service support for small molecule non-sterile programs, from dosage formulation development to GMP clinical trial manufacturing and commercial drug product supply. Identify and address critical formulation issues quickly We focus on delivering the most appropriate formulations, however complex, to expedite your clinical program. We support rapid progression to your first-in-human evaluation and ensure that your lead drug product can be seamlessly transitioned through development and scale-up. State-of-the-art, recently upgraded, US and UK facilities We have state-of-the-art, recently upgraded pharmaceutical development and clinical manufacturing facilities in the US and UK. Optimize the performance of your formulation We have completed more than 300 drug product formulation optimization programs, involving the clinical evaluation of more than 1,000 formulations. Our unique approach to drug product optimization saves time and increases the potential for success by facilitating decisions based on real-time clinical data. Over 30 years of experience in formulation development We have deep expertise in formulation development, built across more than 30 years and over 1,500 molecules developed. Support your formulation development from preclinical to late stage clinical evaluation Our innovative approach to formulation development is based on our proven track record in early clinical evaluation delivering phase-appropriate formulations across the product development pathway from preclinical to late-stage development. Formulation Development Services Explore our services and programs for small molecule & peptide drug development. Formulation Design Access formulation design expertise in a variety of drug product formats. Learn More Preformulation Screening Access our characterization techniques that speed your molecule's development. Learn More Formulation Optimization Rapid formulation optimization saves time & can increase the potential for success. Learn More Analytical Services How do I ensure the performance of my drug product? Learn More Solubility Enhancement Overcome solubility challenges with your molecule. Learn More First-In-Human How do I select the most appropriate first-in-human formulation? Learn More Modified Release Optimize your modified-release formulations. Learn More Pediatric Development Customized pediatric dosage form solutions. Learn More Gamma Scintigraphy How do I design and conduct my scintigraphic studies? Learn More Inhaled Development Developing an inhaled drug product? Learn More Spray Drying Improving the bioavailability of poorly soluble compounds. Learn More Biopharmaceutics & Pharmacokinetics Overcoming sub-optimal challenges for small molecules and accelerating early drug development. Learn More What's new in Formulation Development? Inhalation, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized from Amorphous API in a Low-Dose Dry Powder Formulation Used for Inhalation Learn More Formulation Development, Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Learn More Pediatrics, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics/drug-product-optimization
Drug Product Optimization | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Product Optimization Unique and innovative formulations help our customers achieve their drug program goals. Find out about our rapid formulation optimization programs. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics Drug Product Optimization Rapid 'Make-Test' cycles enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics®. Today, most new drugs require some formulation optimization during development, to help transition from early development formulation to one suitable for administration, or as part of a lifecycle management strategy. We are uniquely placed to help you. Strategies for rapid drug product formulation development and clinical testing Drug product optimization is a common step for drugs moving through development pipelines. Most new drugs require some formulation change during their development, whether to respond to suboptimal exposure profiles, to transition from an early development formulation to one suitable for administration in patients, or as part of a life-cycle management strategy. Leveraging the benefits of our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to accelerate your program Quotient Sciences’ unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform can be applied to design, manufacture, and obtain clinical data on new formulations in an accelerated timeframe. Multiple formulations can be screened, with emerging data informing the product evaluated in the next dosing period of a crossover clinical study in a 2–3-week "make-test" cycle. Use Translational Pharmaceutics® to rapidly optimize NCE's or existing drugs Translational Pharmaceutics® can be applied to drug product optimization efforts for both new chemical entities (NCEs) and during the life-cycle management of existing drugs. It also allows for the unique inclusion of a formulation design space in initial regulatory submissions and clinical protocols to iteratively optimize the quantitative composition of critical-to-performance excipients and dosage strengths relative to clinical performance. Our unique approach to drug product optimization: Saves time by reducing the chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) data package needed for your clinical assessments Maximizes flexibility by allowing you to fine-tune formulation compositions Increases the potential for success by facilitating decisions based on clinical data Conserves the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) by removing drug product scale-up from the critical path Translational Pharmaceutics® has supported our customers through: Evaluation and selection of solubilization technologies • Optimization of modified-release systems Improvement of taste, palatability, and acceptability for pediatric indications Changing routes of delivery Development of combination products Understanding quality by design (QbD) of product and process variables What our customers say Our team works with our customers to design a customized program to deliver your objectives in the most timely and cost-efficient way. We have completed more than 300 formulation optimization programs, involving the clinical evaluation of more than 1,000 formulations. We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/modified-release
Modified Release Formulation Development Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Modified Release Formulation Development Optimize your modified-release formulations. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Modified Release Formulation Development Get expert support for your modified-release programs. Loading... Although modified-release (MR) formulations offer many therapeutic benefits, there are many challenges to overcome when trying to develop this type of formulation. Quotient Sciences has the expertise to help develop your modified-release form, with the insight to support even the most challenging modified-release programs. Download Info Sheet Rising to the challenge of MR formulations The popularity of modified-release (MR) dosage forms continues to rise due to the many therapeutic benefits that they offer for both drug developers and patients. Oral MR formulations are designed to control the rate and/or location of drug release in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. In contrast to immediate-release (IR) formulations, MR dosage forms can offer: maintenance of drug plasma concentrations over a prolonged period to reduce dosing frequency attenuation of drug peak-to-trough ratios to reduce peak-related adverse events (AEs) and improve efficacy drug delivery to targeted regions of the GI tract for localized treatment. Extensive formulation expertise in an end-to-end solution At Quotient Sciences, we have supported more than 100 MR development programs over the past decade across a wide variety of therapeutic areas. We have designed modified-release formulations in gastro-retention, sustained-release, pulsatile-release and other formats. Our extensive background in formulation, along with our agile and flexible approach to clinical and commercial manufacturing, makes us the ideal partner in the development of the development of your MR drug products. More insight about modified-release formats: Modified-release format Objective Formulation technology Gastro-retention Keep the formulation in the stomach for an extended period to maximize the duration of absorption or therapeutic activity Swellable tablets (monolithic, bilayer, trilayer) Gastro-resistant Prevent release of the drug in the stomach and/or upper gastrointestinal (GI) tract Overcome first-pass metabolism or gastric irritation Enteric-coated tablets or capsules Sustained or extended release Extend the in-vivo release profile of the drug or enable once-daily dosing Matrix tablets, coated tablets, or multiparticulates Targeted or controlled delivery Release the drug at or near the intended site of absorption or action Have either immediate-release or extended-release characteristics Deliver time-, pH-, or microbially-triggered release Tablets, capsules, or multiparticulates Biphasic release Eliminate the need for repeat dosing Provide rapid therapeutic effect from an immediate-release layer and extended dosing from a sustained-release layer Bilayer tablets or multiparticulates Pulsatile release Release the drug as a pulse after a pre-determined lag time, designed according to the body’s circadian rhythm Provide a release mechanism beneficial for drugs where time-dependent dosing is required or those that undergo first-pass metabolism Bilayer tablets or multiparticulates Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/solubility-enhancement
Solubility Enhancement | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Solubility Enhancement Overcome solubility challenges with your molecule. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Solubility Enhancement Accelerate the development of poorly soluble drugs, with our help. Loading... Recognizing that poor solubility is becoming increasingly prevalent in drug pipelines, Quotient Sciences has has established a broad suite of technologies and formulation approaches to solve your solubility challenges. Accelerating the Development of Enabled Formulations for Poorly Soluble Drugs using Translational Pharmaceutics® As the number of poorly soluble compounds continues to increase in the industry development pipeline, conventional formulation strategies may not be sufficient to achieve acceptable levels of solubility. Our expertise in formulation development can help you achieve clinical success, even for the most challenging molecules. In our latest whitepaper, learn about the benefits of using Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform of integrated drug substance, drug product and clinical testing activities to reduce the time and cost of bringing drugs to market. Download Whitepaper Translational Pharmaceutics® Spray Drying One proven method of improving the solubility and bioavailability of your drug candidates is spray drying. The technique involves dissolving the drug in an organic solvent in the presence of a polymer. The resulting solution is then spray dried to form a dispersion (a spray-dried dispersion or SDD). Quotient Sciences has a track record of developing and manufacturing SDDs to overcome poor drug solubility and delivery challenges. Over the past several years, we have advanced more than 25 SDD formulations into clinical studies. Using state-of-the-art equipment, including ProCepT spray dryers for up to 1 kg batches and a Niro Mobile Minor spray dryer for batches of 1 to 10 kg, we develop your SDDs using both aqueous and solvent-based processing intended for both oral and inhaled drug delivery. Developed SDDs can be administered either as powder-in-bottle reconstitution prior to dosing or formulated as a powder-in-capsule or tablet presentation. Spray Drying Lipidic Vehicles and Complexes Recent years have seen lipid-based drug delivery systems and complexes become increasingly important tools in the quest to improve the oral bioavailability of poorly soluble drugs. Lipid-based solubility enhancement has developed from the observation that many poorly water-soluble drugs see an improvement in bioavailability when administered with a fat-rich meal; essentially the stimulation of biliary secretion can promote drug solubilization within the GI tract. Lipidic vehicles are designed to mimic this effect by pre-dissolving the drug within an appropriate lipid structure, thus bypassing the need for the poorly soluble, crystalline material to dissolve in situ. Similarly, cyclodextrin drug-inclusion complexes act to improve aqueous solubility by essentially shielding the hydrophobic drug within an interior cavity of the hydrophilic cyclodextrin, thus enabling the entire complex to drive improved oral bioavailability. Quotient Sciences has expertise in the development of lipid-based and complex drug delivery vehicles. We can help you screen for a range of lipidic and complexation vehicles including self-emulsifying drug delivery systems, self-microemulsifying drug delivery systems, single oil phases and cyclodextrins. Your formulations are then characterized in vitro, prior to progression into the clinic. Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-trial-manufacturing
Clinical Trial Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Clinical Trial Manufacturing Tailored to meet the needs of clinical trial design and clinical manufacturing, focused on producing drugs for use in clinical research. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Trial Manufacturing Real-time clinical manufacturing and supply. Loading... Understanding that early-phase clinical testing is a pivotal milestone in the development of your drug product, Quotient Sciences offers clinical trial manufacturing, testing, and certification services designed to meet your individual requirements. We are focused on producing drug product for use in clinical studies Our innovative method of building integrated Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) and Good Clinical Practice (GCP) programs provides a streamlined, flexible approach to drug product supply that reflects your clinical study design and timeline. At a Glance Flexible, on demand clinical manufacturing We use a variety of clinical manufacturing approaches to make only the product you need, flexible on demand. This is real-time adaptive manufacturing. Tailored clinical manufacturing, to your program Tailor clinical manufacturing, packaging, and clinical trial supplies to reflect your clinical trial design. Reduce your clinical trial costs and timelines Improve your clinical trial cost efficiency by reducing drug substance and drug product waste. On-demand high potency manufacturing Leverage our expertise in high-potency handling and manufacturing to make your product on-demand. Rapid clinical trial design and scale-up Move rapidly through clinical trial design and development to have the capability to efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes. Leverage our expertise to move rapidly through clinical trial design What can Quotient Sciences’ clinical trial manufacturing do for me? We understand the time and cost pressures you face during early-phase evaluation and work with you to ensure a rapid, seamless path from development to clinical trial supply. We can help you move rapidly through clinical trial design and development to have built the capability to efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes to meet the demands of global clinical and patient supply requirements. Dosage Forms We offer clinical manufacturing and testing services for all major dosage forms, including: Solutions and suspensions Drug or blend in bottle Drug or blend in capsule Immediate-, sustained-, and modified-release tablets Solubilized formulations, including amorphous (spray-dried and hot melt extrusion [HME]) dispersions, micronized and lipidic formulations Gels, creams, and ointments Delivery Routes We have extensive experience of developing and manufacturing drug products intended for all major routes of delivery: Oral (solid and liquid forms) Inhaled (pulmonary, nasal) Topical Rectal Parenteral Phase I, II, III Clinical Manufacturing We support all aspects of your drug product supply for Phase I, II, and III clinical studies: Manufacture of all major drug product dosage forms in our US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)- and UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)-approved facilities Packaging, including bottles, blisters, and tubs Multi-language label design (including translation) Post-study drug return and reconciliation Randomization and blinding Schedule I–IV controlled substance handling Shipment logistics and supply tracking Storage and distribution capabilities (ambient, refrigerated, and frozen) Supply chain management to the clinical site Aseptic Manufacturing of Parenteral Drug Product We have over 30 years of experience in the development of parenteral drug products, from candidate development to clinical manufacturing via aseptic filtration techniques. To find out more about our aseptic manufacturing capabilities, click the link below. Aseptic Manufacturing Real-Time Adaptive Manufacturing Quotient Sciences' history and expertise in integrating manufacturing with clinical dosing enables us to manufacture, package, and release products in a matter of days or weeks rather than months. Combined with bright-stock and just-in-time (JIT) approaches, we maximize flexibility around batch size and timing supply to your selected site in response to emerging clinical data or patient recruitment — without affecting the availability of your drug product. Global Clinical Trial Supplies Quotient Sciences can ease the headache of global product supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. We’ll develop and manufacture your drug product, then seamlessly integrate a flexible packaging, labeling, and distribution strategy that's tailored to your clinical trial. Clinical Trial Supplies Clinical Trial Manufacturing: What our customers say "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals Clinical Trial Manufacturing Services Find out more about our GMP clinical trial manufacturing services that will meet your supply needs for investigational medicinal product (IMP) or investigational new drugs (IND) for global clinical trials. Aseptic Manufacturing Our innovative approach enables rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration. Learn More Global Clinical Trial Supplies We can facilitate global clinical trial supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. Our clinical trial supply team works with you ... Learn More High Potency APIs (HPAPIs) Handling Our global facilities are configured with the necessary controls required for the handling and processing of highly potent molecules. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology
Clinical Pharmacology | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Clinical Pharmacology Integrated first-in-human and clinical pharmacology programs that help you make critical decisions earlier. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Integrated, seamless studies. Partner with us to develop your integrated early drug development program When you are looking for a partner who is dedicated to Phase I trials and early drug development, rely on us. We accelerate your molecule from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) , helping you make critical decisions earlier. For any clinical pharmacology study you require, you can expect a fully integrated program , from study design to data reporting. Contact us today and learn how you can leverage our expertise from more than 1,300 Phase I studies completed to benefit your next program. Get Started At a Glance Proven track record spanning over 30 years Our experience spans more than 30 years and 1,300 Phase I studies, including FIH (SAD/ MAD), DDI, TQT, bioavailability, food effect, and 14C ADME studies. Ability to rapidly recruit large groups of volunteers Accelerate your study startup at our clinical units in Miami (U.S.) and Nottingham (U.K.) with industry-leading IRB/EC and CTA approval timelines. In addition, 99 percent of our studies start on time, 98 percent enroll with full cohorts, and 99 percent of our subjects are retained throughout. If you need to access a challenging healthy volunteer population for your study, we rapidly recruit large cohorts of volunteers. More than 1,300 Phase I studies completed Leverage our experience in all dosage forms, and save time with our strategic approach. For over 30 years, our drug product teams have helped formulate compounds and develop scalable drug products to transition customers from Phase I into Phase II patient trials and beyond. Integrated first-in-human and clinical pharmacology programs Our fully integrated programs are led by experienced project managers alongside industry-leading Phase I medical directors who are experts in first-in-human (FIH) and drug-drug interaction (DDI) and thorough QT (TQT) studies. Accelerate your molecule from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) We accelerate your molecule from first-in-human to proof-of-concept, helping you make critical decisions earlier. How? Our in-house data sciences team rapidly delivers clinical data and insights to move you on to the next milestone as fast as possible. Experience and Study Types Over 30 years of expertise to seamlessly deliver your studies with the highest quality service and speed. FIH (single ascending dose [SAD]/multiple ascending dose [MAD]) Relative bioavailability/ pharmacokinetics Drug-drug interaction (DDI) Food effect Thorough QT (TQT)/cardiac safety Bioequivalence Biosimilars 14 C ADME/mass balance Isotopic labeling Gamma scintigraphy POC Pharmacodynamics/biomarkers Japanese bridging Dedicated to the success of your Phase I study We deliver full-service programs on time, within budget, and to the highest quality to meet your rigorous requirements and those of the regulatory agencies. Our purpose-built Phase I units are located in Miami, FL and Nottingham, UK and are UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)- and US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-inspected. Our global capacity of 229 beds and database of more than 25,000 healthy volunteers who can be recruited to participate in your trial. Your dedicated early-phase project manager will provide you with a customized service and third-party management/oversight, and work with our experienced team of physicians and investigators to deliver your program. Learn more about our approach to project management. Access to special populations for your Phase I trial We have a database of more than 25,000 healthy volunteers and can help you also recruit the right groups to meet the needs of your program. Ages 65 and older Post-menopausal Male and female infertility Hypertensive Type II diabetics Asthma Allergic rhinitis Obese Healthy smokers Gastrointestinal diseases Japanese Benefit from dedicated study resources We have the experience and expertise to seamlessly deliver your studies with the highest quality service and speed. If you need a fully integrated solution, including data management, data analysis, statistics, and medical writing, Quotient Sciences is your answer . Clinical pharmacology expertise, including FIH (SAD/MAD), DDI, food effect, and ADME experience Experienced project managers- guiding your study to successful on-time delivery, within budget and to the highest quality On-site pharmacy compounding and integrated real-time adaptive Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing Formulation development for all dosage forms, including oral solutions and suspensions, capsules and tablets, sterile preparations (intravenous [IV] and subcutaneous [SC]), inhaled and nasal devices, topical creams and gels Early-phase data sciences group providing full-service data management, statistics, and medical writing Regulatory support to ensure a seamless FDA or MHRA submission and approval process for clinical trial applications Clinical Pharmacology Facilities Miami, USA Over 650 Phase I clinical studies completed 144-bed clinical unit with dedicated FIH wards On-site pharmacy , with clean rooms for aseptic products 19,000 active healthy volunteers in our database Recruitment for special subject populations Spotlight on Miami Facility Details Nottingham, UK Over 650 Phase I studies completed Clinical unit with a dedicated 14 C ADME ward and laboratory On-site pharmaceutical laboratories and GMP manufacturing 7,000 active healthy volunteers in our database 45 Phase I CTA submissions annually (more than any other UK unit) Spotlight on Nottingham Facility Details What's new in Clinical Pharmacology? Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism, and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects Learn More Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Learn More Drug Substance, Clinical Pharmacology Innovation Spotlight: Will Psychedelics Revolutionize the Treatment of Mental Illnesses? By: Emilie Bergström Learn More Explore Additional Services from Quotient Sciences Isotopic Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Learn More First in human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) Accelerating molecules to POC. Learn More Human ADME Studies How can we simplify the delivery of your human ADME study? Learn More Regulatory Affairs How do we ensure your high-quality regulatory submissions? Learn More Modeling and Simulation We help pinpoint the question you need to answer and identify the data you need to collect to enhance your clinical development program. Learn More Integrated Pharmacy Compounding and GMP Manufacturing We help you accelerate through to first-in-human testing and seamlessly supply drug product into your clinical trials. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/volunteers
Volunteers | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Volunteer for a Clinical Trial Looking to take part in clinical trials? At Quotient Sciences we are always looking for volunteers. Home Volunteers Interested in becoming a volunteer? We truly appreciate your interest in contributing to the future of science and accelerating the delivery of new medicines to patients. At Quotient Sciences, we are building a culture of volunteer centricity that makes us the No.1 choice for volunteers wishing to take part in clinical trials. Our dedicated recruitment team ensures your comfort and safety during your participation. We pride ourselves on our altruistic approach that underpins everything we do. Volunteer satisfaction before, during and after a residential stay in our unit is our primary focus. Learn more about how you can volunteer for a clinical trial at one of our clinics. Volunteers as partners Our commitment to volunteers goes beyond other phase 1 units. Our volunteers as partners approach focuses on volunteer centricity at all stages of the journey with Quotient Sciences. We have formed a Volunteer Advocacy Panel consisting of active volunteers and dedicated staff members to ensure we are the number one choice for volunteers wishing to take part in clinical trials. This ensures that we continuously deliver an independent and volunteer-centric view of our processes and documentation, through feedback and open forums. We strive for: Improved volunteer satisfaction, resulting in a high proportion of repeat volunteers Excellent compliance and treatment adherence Clear and concise documentation that is well understood by our volunteers Excellent recruitment rates Enhanced volunteer retention on study Contact us to find out more about our Volunteer Advocacy Panel. Volunteer satisfaction is our primary focus. Before, during and after a residential stay, our primary focus is to ensure that volunteers are taken care of. Our dedicated recruitment team ensures your comfort and safety during your participation. We pride ourselves on our altruistic approach that underpins everything we do. More than three decades of experience in clinical trials Programs with leading pharmaceutical and biotech companies Over 1,300 clinical trials completed Nottingham, UK Address: Quotient Sciences - Nottingham Mere Way Ruddington Fields Ruddington, Nottingham NG11 6JS Call us: 0330 303 5000 Visit our website: weneedyou.co.uk Volunteer at Nottingham Miami, FL, USA Address: Quotient Sciences - Miami 747 Ponce De Leon Blvd Suite 700 Coral Gables, FL 33134 Call us: 305-646-6785 Visit our website: goparticipatenow.com Volunteer at Miami Are you a sponsor? Learn about our clinical pharmacology services & capabilities for first-in-human Phase I trials Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/node/281
Our Principles | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Card Subheading Science. Agility. Culture. Inseparable, intertwined, interdependent. Core principles that define us. Card Link Discover our principles Card Image Image Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/manifesto/story
Molecule to cure. Fast | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Story of Our Manifesto Watch video Loading... Our Manifesto We put our customers successes at the center of everything we do. Whilst our brand was always deeply rooted in that meaning, in 2021 we decided to highlight the difference that we can make with you to patients lives day-to-day with our new manifesto. Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Where science and agility integrate and combine. We cut through silos across a range of drug development capabilities. Saving precious time and money in getting drugs to patients. Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, and molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Our Commitment Our commitment to be “science rich” and "science led", drives us to deliver excellence in customer service, share successes and innovate their proposition. We recognize the importance of our employees and support their growth, so that each individual can achieve their fullest potential – with a strong competitive drive to win for our customers, investors, but most of all for the patients that will use the medicines we have helped to develop. Our Manifesto reflects our purpose, our focus, who we are and what we do. Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us What We Do Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/node/75
Drug Substance Synthesis and Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Substance Synthesis and Manufacturing Tactical deployment of best-in-class synthesis technologies to minimize chemistry costs and move your drug substance supply off the critical path. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/pediatrics
Pediatric Formulation & Drug Product Development| Quotient Sciences Skip to
main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers
Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and
manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our
Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer
trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn
about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the
years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet
our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational
Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn
More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development
timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development
Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating
molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products
through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage,
our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program.
Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug
Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic
labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation,
solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing
Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs.
Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process
validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy
compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative
biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data
management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development
Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C
Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials.
Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your
goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster
Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS /
Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics
Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage
Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are
your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization
Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases
CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need
Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development
stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial
Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines
Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial
supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work
successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and
insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand
Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars
on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles
written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new
scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters.
Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical
drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of
oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with
identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Pediatric
Formulation & Development Customized solutions to meet unique pediatric
program needs. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Solutions Pediatrics
Translating regulatory challenges into pediatric formulation solutions.
Loading... Patient needs and regulatory requirements are driving the
development of age-appropriate formulations. The demand for pediatric dosage
forms continues to increase; however, the number of approved pediatric drug
treatments on the market remains substantially less than those for adults.
Legislation in the US and EU also requires the submission of pediatric plans
at given points in the adult development of a new medicine. These factors have
made the development of acceptable pediatric formulations a highlight in the
development of modern medicines for over two decades. To meet both patient and
regulatory expectations, there are several key steps for consideration in the
development of a pediatric dosage form. Quotient Sciences' expertise in
pediatrics formulation development , combined with our global drug product
manufacturing and clinical testing capabilities, enables us to provide a
unique solution for your drug program's needs. Pediatric formulation and
product development Several factors must be considered when developing a
pediatric product that achieves clinical, regulatory, and commercial success:
The route of administration The safety profile Taste and palatability The
child’s age, weight, and physiologic condition The treatment plan’s
requirements We bring a wealth of insight to every pediatric drug program. Our
team has decades of experience in developing palatable pediatric formulations
in the over-the-counter (OTC) and consumer healthcare industry. We can support
you with the development and testing of customized pediatric pharmaceutical
formulations to achieve your program's milestones. Expert insight on pediatric
drug development Quotient Sciences' experts share formulation development,
clinical testing strategies, and drug product manufacturing strategies when
developing pediatric products. Read the first part of our three-part blog
series by Nazim Kanji, Executive Director, Pediatric Services at Quotient
Sciences. Pediatrics, Formulation Development The challenges and opportunities
of Pediatric Dosage Form Development: Part 1 - Program Design and Formulation
Development By: Nazim Kanji Read Blog Pediatric formulation development
capabilities Taste masking We have an extensive track record developing age-
appropriate dosage forms of aversive, bitter drug substances using a range of
taste-modifying and taste-masking techniques without compromising on product
stability and PK performance. Taste assessment and PK studies Using our
integrated GMP manufacturing and clinical testing platform, we perform rapid,
adaptive trials in humans to optimize taste attributes and PK performance.
This provides you with the clinical validation that you need prior to
proceeding to your pediatric trials. Global patient clinical supplies We
manufacture, package, release and supply GMP drug products ready for dosing on
a worldwide basis, in line with your study and recruitment needs. Our flexible
options range from a personalized, per-patient basis to more traditional batch
manufacturing. Commercial manufacture Our production facilities in
Philadelphia, PA are fully inspected and approved by FDA, EMA, PMDA and DEA
and specialize in low-volume products. We support regulatory processes for
your pediatric investigation plans and pediatric study plans. Go further with
Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech
organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational
Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance,
drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch
Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us
Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us
Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms
of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/glance
At A Glance | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact At a Glance We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. Watch video Loading... What We Do Home About Us At A Glance Who we are and what we do A global drug development and manufacturing accelerator Quotient Sciences supports customers across the entire drug development pathway. We've provided integrated contract research, development, and manufacturing services for many of the leading Fortune 100 global pharma and biotech companies, bringing deep expertise and trusted insight to every program. Our capabilities and services include: Drug substance development and manufacturing \- Comprehensive drug substance services that help reduce costs from preclinical to Phase I, including bioanalytical testing , GMP and non-GMP manufacturing , and isotopically labeled/14C materials manufacturing. Drug product development and manufacturing \- We're equipped to handle both simple, powder-in-capsule (PIC) and powder-in-bottle (PIB) formulations as well as more complex formulations, requiring modified release , solubility enhancement , and other technologies. Clinical trial manufacturing and clinical pharmacology \- We support real-time clinical manufacturing and supply for all phases of development. Our capabilities also include the ability to design and execute Phase I healthy volunteer clinical trials from our Miami, FL and Nottingham, UK clinics. Explore Our Services Explore Integrated Programs Quotient Sciences' Translational Pharmaceutics® platform A more streamlined and integrated approach to outsourcing that saves time and money. Learn More Global expertise in drug development From formulation development through to commercial manufacturing, we are drug development experts. We deliver integrated programs and a range of tailored services from state-of-the-art development, manufacturing and clinical testing facilities in the U.S. and U.K. Over the past three decades, we've worked with customers on over 3,000 molecules, across all stages of development. Browse Case Studies Read Customer Testimonials Leverage our scientific expertise for your next program Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Be part of our mission to bring new treatments to patients. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we are a trusted partner to the pharmaceutical industry. Make your mark at Quotient Sciences and help make a difference for global health. Careers at Quotient Sciences Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/stuart-mair
Dr. Stuart Mair - Global VP, Medical, Early Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Stuart Mair Global VP, Medical, Early Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Stuart Mair - Global VP, Medical, Early Development About Dr. Stuart (Stu) Mair has over 16 years of experience delivering exploratory clinical studies in the contract research organization (CRO) industry. He has delivered over 100 first-in-human (FIH) studies and is an expert in the design and implementation of exploratory clinical trials from FIH to proof of concept (POC) in patient groups with pharmacodynamic (PD) biomarkers. Stuart has advised clients on multiple study types, from simple pharmacokinetic (PK), bioequivalence (BE), and characterization studies to complex and flexible designs with multiple portions delivered under a single protocol. Prior to joining Quotient Sciences, Stuart was the Medical Director at Charles River Laboratories. He holds a MBChB (Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery) degree and DRCOG (Diploma of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists), DCPSA (Diploma in Clinical Pharmacology of the Society of Apothecaries), and MFPM (Membership of the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Medicine) credentials from the University of Aberdeen in the UK. Topics of interest Clinical Pharmacology Data Sciences Ask a question Featured publication "CC‑99677, a novel, oral, selective covalent MK2 inhibitor, sustainably reduces pro‑inflammatory cytokine production" Spondyloarthritis is a type of inflammatory disease that impacts the vertebral column. It comprises a group of inflammatory rheumatic diseases that is characterized by spinal and peripheral joint oligoarthritis and enthesitis and may be associated with mucocutaneous, ocular, and/or cardiac comorbidities. There is an unmet need when it comes to therapies that can address both disease-related parameters and radiographic progression of spondyloarthritis. Dr. Stuart Mair contributed to a peer-reviewed scientific article in Arthritis Research & Therapy with BioMed Central (BMC). The study, led by Bristol Meyers Squibb and its researchers, reviews a Phase I clinical trial to assess the safety and tolerability of the MK2 inhibitor CC-99677, a potential new treatment for ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and related conditions. Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/andrew-lewis
Dr. Andrew Lewis - Chief Scientific Officer | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Andrew Lewis Chief Scientific Officer Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Andrew Lewis - Chief Scientific Officer About Dr. Andrew (Andy) Lewis is the Chief Scientific Officer at Quotient Sciences. As the leader of Quotient Sciences' scientific teams and drug development consultants , Andy is responsible for driving efficiency and innovation within our scientific organization, both to better serve our customers and drive growth for the Company. Andy has over 15 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and drug delivery industry and is a member of the Academy of Pharmaceutical Scientists of Great Britain. Additionally, Andy has served on the board of directors of the Controlled Release Society, most recently as secretary. Prior to joining Quotient Sciences, Andy was Director of Novel Drug Delivery Technologies at Ipsen. He holds a Ph.D. in Tissue Engineering and a Bachelor of Pharmacy, both from the University of Nottingham. Topics of interest Peptides Modified Release Solubility Enhancement Formulation Development Ask a question Dr. Andrew Lewis Reflecting on Scientific Achievements in 2023 By: Dr. Andrew Lewis Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/nazim-kanji
Nazim Kanji - Executive Director, Pediatric Services | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Nazim Kanji Executive Director, Pediatric Services Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Nazim Kanji - Executive Director, Pediatric Services About Nazim Kanji is the Executive Director of Pediatric Services at Quotient Sciences. In his current role, Nazim works closely with clients to help them scope their pediatric development programs. He also provides ongoing technical support and expertise related to pediatric formulation to the entire Quotient Sciences product development team. Nazim has over 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and consumer healthcare industries, where he has worked in product development roles with Boots Pharmaceuticals, Boots Healthcare International, and Reckitt Benckiser. Nazim's experience includes taking products from the concept stage through to commercialization. Prior to joining Quotient Sciences, Nazim was Co-owner and Director of Co-Formulate, a contract formulation development organization acquired by Quotient Sciences in 2015. He holds a Bachelor of Pharmacy from the University of Nottingham. Topics of interest Pediatrics Taste Masking Taste Assessment & PK Studies Ask a question Articles & Publications, Nazim Kanji Drug Development and Delivery Executive Interview with Nazim Kanji on Palatable Pediatric Formulations By: Nazim Kanji Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/vanessa-zann
Dr. Vanessa Zann - Senior Drug Development Consultant | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Vanessa Zann Senior Drug Development Consultant Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Vanessa Zann - Senior Drug Development Consultant About Dr. Vanessa Zann is a Senior Drug Development Consultant at Quotient Sciences. Vanessa has over two decades of industry experience providing biopharmaceutics support to discovery, development, and clinical programs. Since joining Quotient Sciences in 2012, she has led the implementation of modelling and simulation and has been heavily involved in pharmaceutical sciences' in-vitro characterization strategy, as well as designing clinical studies and providing scientific support through clinical study delivery. Prior to joining Quotient Sciences, Vanessa worked at AstraZeneca as a permeability expert in the Pharmaceutical Development department. Here, she led the global Caco-2 facility for the development and was responsible for liaising with discovery scientists to ensure the selection of new chemical entities (NCEs) with appropriate biopharmaceutical properties. She introduced the intravenous (IV) microtracer technique and provided biopharmaceutical support to both discovery and development programs. Vanessa completed postdoctoral research in buccal transport mechanisms at Cardiff University. She holds a PhD in Pharmaceutical Sciences and a Bachelor of Science in Applied and Human Biology, both from Aston University. Topics of interest Biopharmaceutics Translational Pharmaceutics Ask a question Articles & Publications, Dr. Vanessa Zann Dr. Vanessa Zann discusses biopharmaceutics with Pharmaceutical Technology By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/gareth-jenkins
Gareth Jenkins - VP, Science & Technology, Candidate Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Gareth Jenkins VP, Science & Technology, Candidate Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Gareth Jenkins - VP, Science & Technology, Candidate Development About Dr. Gareth Jenkins has over 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical services industry spanning drug discovery, drug development, and drug product manufacture. Gareth brings a passion for science and innovation built on a broad and deep knowledge of medicinal chemistry, process development, industrial biotechnology, synthetic biology, continuous manufacturing, process analytical technology, and process engineering. He uses this experience to guide drug development roadmaps from candidate selection, through pre-clinical, and across clinical development phases. Gareth holds a degree and PhD in Organic Chemistry from Imperial College, London, and an MBA in Entrepreneurship from Manchester Business School. He is also a Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry. Topics of interest Drug Substance Flow Chemistry Ask a question Articles & Publications, Dr. Gareth Jenkins Gareth Jenkins Contributes to Chemistry Today Panel Discussion on Flow Chemistry By: Gareth Jenkins Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/iain-shaw
Iain Shaw - Senior Director, 14C Enabled Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Iain Shaw Senior Director, 14C Enabled Drug Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Iain Shaw - Senior Director, 14C Enabled Drug Development About Iain Shaw is Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development at Quotient Sciences. Iain has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including more than 20 years of drug development experience. Iain initially joined Pharmaceutical Profiles, which later became Quotient Sciences, as Director of Customer Service in 2008. Prior to joining Quotient Sciences, Iain held early development program management, clinical development, and analytical positions at pharmaceutical companies and contract research organizations (CROs) including Covance (now Lab Corp Drug Development) and PPL Therapeutics. Iain holds a Bachelor of Science in Agricultural Chemistry from the University of Glasgow. Topics of interest Human ADME Isotope Labeling Ask a question Iain Shaw, Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes 14 December 2022 Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/stuart-mcdougall
Stuart McDougall - Principal Research Fellow, Bioanalytical Services | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Stuart McDougall Principal Research Fellow, Bioanalytical Services Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Stuart McDougall - Principal Research Fellow, Bioanalytical Services About Stuart McDougall is Principal Research Fellow of Bioanalytical Services at Quotient Sciences. Stuart has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry within metabolism, pharmacokinetic, and bioanalysis roles. Previous positions include being the global leader of Sanofi-Aventis' bioanalytical strategy team and a member of Covance's global bioanalytical leadership team. Stuart is a pharmacology graduate from the University of Dundee, a harmonization team leader for the Global Bioanalytical Consortium (GBC), a representative for Quotient Sciences on the European Bioanalytical Forum (EBF), and an author and co-author of numerous scientific papers. Topics of interest Bioanalysis Ask a question Articles & Publications, Dr. Stuart McDougall, Bioanalysis, Regulatory Trends Stuart McDougall contributes to European Bioanalysis Forum Workshop ICH M10 Guideline By: Stuart McDougall Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/helen-baker
Dr. Helen Baker - Director, Pharmaceutical Sciences | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Helen Baker Director, Pharmaceutical Sciences Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Helen Baker - Director, Pharmaceutical Sciences About Dr. Helen Baker has over 15 years of formulation and product development experience within the pharmaceutical, biotech, and agronomical industries. Helen has expertise in the formulation of poorly soluble and bioavailable, amorphous, and physically and chemically labile compounds. Prior to her role at Quotient Sciences, Helen managed numerous formulation development, plant scale-up, and R&D endeavours across multiple industries. Topics of interest Formulation Development Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Ask a question Articles & Publications, Dr. Helen Baker Helen Baker Contributes to Drug Development & Delivery Article on Outsourcing Development & Manufacturing Strategies By: Dr. Helen Baker Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/kevser-sevim
Kevser Sevim - PBPK Senior M&S Research Fellow | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Kevser Sevim PBPK Senior M&S Research Fellow Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Kevser Sevim - PBPK Senior M&S Research Fellow About Dr. Kevser Sevim is a Senior Research Fellow who brings her expertise to the dynamic Modelling and Simulation (M&S) team at Quotient Sciences. Her primary focus revolves around advancing the understanding of ADME (absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion) and biopharmaceutics in compound design and selection, utilizing a range of M&S data analysis packages including GastroPlus and Phoenix WinNonlin. Over her five years of experience in this role, Kevser has played a key role in accelerating drug development and manufacturing through the application of in-silico PBPK (physiologically-based pharmacokinetic) modeling. Her contributions provide valuable scientific support across both discovery and development programs. Kevser holds a PhD from the University of Leicester, UK, where she specialized in the modeling of drug release from biodegradable and bioerodible polymers. Before her doctoral studies, she earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from Gazi University, Turkey. Topics of interest Modeling & Simulation PBPK Modelling Ask a question Modeling and Simulation, Kevser Sevim Scientific Poster Spotlight: Qualification of GastroPlus® PBPK Modeling Software to Support Decision Making in Clinical Development Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics/translational-pharmaceutics-now-with-drug-substance
Translational Pharmaceutics Now With Drug Substance | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Translational Pharmaceutics®: Now With Drug Substance 15 years and 500 studies completed. Alnwick Facility Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics Translational Pharmaceutics Now With Drug Substance Reduce your development times and costs with Translational Pharmaceutics®. By integrating drug substance at our Alnwick facility, with drug product, and clinical testing activities across our global network, Translational Pharmaceutics® breaks down traditional industry silos and accelerates molecules through development. The integration of drug substance and drug product In early 2021 we acquired our state-of-the-art Alnwick, UK facility which added to the core components of our integrated offering that now include substantial capabilities in drug substance process research, development, and manufacturing. The result of adding drug substance synthesis and manufacturing to Translational Pharmaceutics is a streamlined approach to drug development that seamlessly supports our customers' programs and goals across the entire drug development pathway. We can take your small molecule or peptide from candidate development through to commercialization. Moving drug substance supply off the critical path Our highly experienced chemistry, analytical, and drug development teams can support route selection, process development, critical process parameter (CPP) definition, experimental design (DoE), and impurity tracking/control, as well as developing bespoke and innovative solutions for our customers' technically difficult development challenges. Expertise spanning from candidate development to commercial manufacturing. Our expertise in understanding dependencies between drug substance properties, formulation development , and clinical outcomes enables us to enhance efficiency. By having both drug substance and drug product manufacturing activities under one organization, we can now deliver integrated chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) development activities for both preclinical and clinical studies in parallel, simplifying the supply chain and shortening the time from candidate selection to clinic by a further 2–4 months. Key benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics®: Timeline acceleration of >12 months Significant reduction in R&D spend Improved data for better decision making Greater likelihood of success Simplified supply chain >500 studies completed & >200 scientific publications Translational Pharmaceutics®: What our customers say Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics/tufts-report
Tufts Report | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Assessing the financial impact of Translational Pharmaceutics® A white paper by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) comparing the savings and financial benefits for drug developers that use Translational Pharmaceutics®. Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics Tufts Report Unlock the multi-million dollar benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics®, demonstrated in the Tufts CSDD study. Loading... Discover the time savings and financial benefits for drug developers that use Translational Pharmaceutics®, versus traditional multi-vendor formulation, manufacturing and clinical testing approaches. What can I learn? Discover how to benefit from: A faster approach to drug development and accelerated time to market Average timeline savings of >12 months R&D spend reduced by $9.5 million for each month of time saved Total financial gains per drug approved >$100 million Formulations selected using clinical data, ensuring greater chances of success An integrated development model and simplified supply chain About Translational Pharmaceutics® Translational Pharmaceutics® accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance , drug product , and clinical testing . Over the past decade, it has been used widely by pharmaceutical and biotech companies on >400 programs to advance molecules across the full development cycle, from first-in-human (FIH) trials to market. Key applications within the development process include: Transitioning molecules from FIH to proof of concept (POC) Development and optimization of clinical formulations About the Tufts CSDD study The Tufts CSDD compared the cycle times of traditional drug development programs to Translational Pharmaceutics® programs and their derivative effects on development economics. These data were incorporated in a drug development model and the financial benefits were quantified on industry R&D costs and returns. The model assessed several different project types and the top line results included mean financial benefits exceeding $100 million and mean timeline savings of >12 months. Ready to accelerate your drug development? Discover Translational Pharmaceutics® Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Solutions Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-substance/gmp-and-non-gmp-manufacturing
Drug Substance: GMP & Non-GMP Manufacturing | What We Do | | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Substance: GMP & Non-GMP Manufacturing How can I accelerate my supply? Contact Us Home Drug Substance GMP and Non-GMP Manufacturing Expanded capabilities, improved technologies to better support your needs. Quotient Sciences' facilities provide both GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) and non-GMP drug substance manufacturing, with the ability to generate kilogram-per-day quantities. Kilo Lab/Pilot Plant Manufacturing We have access to scale-up and pilot plant assets that complement our on-site facilities, featuring a capacity range between 50 L and 1300 L capable of producing 5-100 kg in batch. Our internal manufacturing assets (batch, CSTR, trickle bed, and plug flow) range from multi-gram to multi-kilogram capacity (multi-tonne per annum capability). We can meet drug substance requirements from pre-clinical through to full-scale commercial phases. The scale-up process is executed by a highly experienced manufacturing team, providing customers with a secure source of supply for technically challenging projects. Additionally, our investment in innovative, flexible modular manufacturing technology enables us to quickly configure reactors for drug substance (API) manufacturing, then rapidly reassemble reactors for the next project. Alnwick Drug Substance Expansion At a Glance 5-L GMP and non-GMP process chemistry facilities with full thermal control 20-L GMP state-of-the-art reactor streams housed in dedicated walk-in fume cupboards with operating temperatures from -90°C up to +180°C Full integration of reactor stream data logging to a dedicated server, enabling GMP monitoring of all key reaction parameters (pressure, temperature etc.) and real-time process optimization State-of-the-art dedicated material storage area, enabling safe storage of a range of chemical classes and segregation of quarantine and released materials Flexible continuous manufacturing units (FlowSyn, trickle-bed, and Salamander reactors with pressure capabilities up to 50 bar and operating temperatures up to 180°C) – these equipment trains have the capacity to generate kilogram quantities of materials per day Automated parallel reactor streams with ReactIR and integrated calorimetry (HFCal) and off-gassing measurement capability Onsite 150-L reactors A range of isolation and drying options, including mobile filter dryers (316 stainless steel and Hastelloy MOC) with up to 15-kg capacities Containment systems for handling compounds up to and including SafeBridge Band 3 What's new in Drug Substance Manufacturing? Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Drug Substance Manufacturing Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-substance/solid-state-services
Drug Substance: Solid State Services | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Substance: Solid State Services Quotient Sciences provides solid state services for drug substance (API) GMP & non-GMP manufacturing. Contact Us Home Drug Substance Solid State Services Solid state services that streamline your program for success. Through integrating solid state chemistry and formulation development, Quotient Sciences' accelerates your preclinical development, decreasing timelines. Solid state chemistry that supports your drug substance manufacturing Our expertise in solid-form screening and selection, with material scientists working closely with drug substance chemists, can help to identify the most appropriate drug substance form for development and therapeutic success. Solid State and Analytical Capabilities Learn more about our solid state capabilities and analytical techniques. Salt Selection Poor bioavailability or instability of a drug substance can often be solved/improved by screening different salt forms. The selection of the most appropriate salt can not only improve the physicochemical properties but also identify all developable salts that can strengthen the intellectual property of the drug substance. The choice of counterions is typically based on the pKa of the drug substance, the relevance of the expected dosage form, and the know-how of our experts. Polymorph Screening To meet regulatory requirements, the polymorphic behavior of a drug substance needs to be assessed and the polymorph chosen for development needs to be fully identified/characterized. Identifying the polymorph landscape can also strengthen intellectual property. Amorphous Dispersions Amorphous forms can have increased solubility and bioavailability in comparison with their crystalline form. However, crystalline materials tend to be more stable, and amorphous material can recrystallize over time but can be stabilized as an amorphous solid dispersion. Whether it's spray-dried dispersions (SDDs) or hot melt extrusion (HME), our team of experts can support the enhancement needs of your molecule. Crystallization Development Supporting the drug substance development team, purification steps can be improved and drug substance manufacturing yield, throughput, and purity can be increased by integrating a solid-state approach to recrystallization processes. Solid-State Characterization We offer a wide range of analytical techniques to fully characterize solid-state forms, including dissolution/disintegration testing and X-ray powder diffraction (XRPD) as well as: Thermal analysis: differential scanning calorimetry (DSC), thermogravimetric analysis (TGA) Hygroscopy: dynamic vapor sorption (DVS) Hot-stage microscopy Particle size distribution and particle enumeration Surface area Solution and solid-state nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy (FT-IR) Pre-formulation and Material Science Our experienced material scientists can support your pre-formulation screening to allow selection of your drug candidate for pre-clinical evaluation and identification of your drug product in early clinical evaluation. View our expanded drug substance manufacturing capabilities in Alnwick, UK Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Drug Substance Manufacturing Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-substance/stability-testing
Stability Testing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Stability Testing: Analytical Sciences How can I ensure that my stability study is controlled correctly? Contact Us Home Drug Substance Stability Testing Avoid delays, choose an experienced partner for your stability testing. Quotient Sciences has a designated team of highly experienced colleagues who control all aspects of sample management and liaise closely with you throughout the lifecycle of stability studies. Your stability study is safe in our hands Our aim is to provide robust, sound data on which shelf life and expiration dates for drug substance and drug products can be based. Whatever the phase of development our team can offer support. We also offer a stability protocol creation service if clients prefer not to supply stability protocols themselves. Robust systems are in place to ensure complete tracking of samples from receipt, through stability storage and time-point testing (or shipment if required), to study end How can we help your stability study and avoid delays We can support a wide range of studies for both drug product and drug substance including packaging stability studies. We can also support studies involving radiolabelled compounds and controlled substances. We can accommodate short duration studies lasting a matter of weeks, to long term studies of months/ years. At some of our facilities, we offer not only ‘storage only’ studies, where sampling and dispatch is taken care of by our dedicated stability team, but ‘storage and test’ in which we can store, pull and test on site. Report generation and issue is managed through our Quality Management System, and reports are made available for client review and approval. At a Glance We are a partner you can trust for stability studies From development and manufacture of drug substance and drug product to stability studies, including cytotoxic, radiolabeled, and controlled substances, we are your partner of choice. We can fulfill all your needs, from protocol generation through to study end. Global, state-of-the-art facilities that are ICH-compliant Our service is supported by state-of-the-art facilities, including walk-in, ICH-compliant stability chambers and several smaller, reach-in units. ICH-compliant photo-stability testing equipment is also available to study the effects of light stress on materials and packaging. We work collaboratively and in close consultation with you We work collaboratively with each customer to ensure the setdown of their stability samples goes as planned, to fine details such as labeling, pack orientation, and storage conditions. Through close consultation, we ensure that the required protocols are clear and concise to match client expectations. Dedicated personnel and processes ensure complete sample tracking throughout Our colleagues and internal systems are well established to ensure effective sample management, providing a complete chain of custody. Designated stability personnel within Drug Product who control all sample management during stability studies, constantly monitor the stability chambers, and can act as a point of contact for clients. Dedicated processes are in place to ensure complete tracking of samples from receipt, throughout stability storage to the study termination. We offer a full range of analytical testing services For those clients wishing to avail themselves of our extensive testing capabilities, we offer a full range of analytical testing to meet the most challenging of needs. We have the capabilities to perform a wide range of pharmacopoeial testing, physical characterizations, and chemical testing for both drug substances, drug products, and radiolabelled compounds. In addition, we can provide method optimization/ qualification services to produce analytical methods tailored to the stability testing of a customer's material. Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Drug Substance Manufacturing Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-substance/process-research-development
Drug Substance Process Research and Development (PR&D) | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Process Research & Development Contact Us Home Drug Substance Drug Substance Process Research and Development (PR&D) Highly trained and experienced Quotient Sciences chemists support all aspects of drug substance development We bring our PR&D expertise to your project We support the selection and development of optimum synthetic routes for drug substance manufacturing, also known as API (Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient) manufacturing. We combine rapid route selection with the implementation of innovative technological solutions to produce the shortest, most efficient and most scalable pathway to a drug substance. Our focus is on process velocity and economy, product purity, process scalability, and safety. The drug substance can then be scaled to multi-kilogram quantities to support direct client supply, or as part of an integrated in-house drug substance/drug product package to support clinical trials or full-scale commercialization programs. Quotient Sciences' philosophy targets optimal velocity for drug substance delivery, to ensure rapid drug substance supply for urgent clinical trial needs while enhancing process efficiency and robustness to lower costs and generate higher purity. Our work also involves defining the best route for product manufacturing scalability. Drug Substance Overview Contact Us Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/formulation-design
Formulation Design Services | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Formulation Design Access formulation design expertise in a variety of drug product formats. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Formulation Design Leverage over 30 years of formulation design expertise. Quotient Sciences’ formulation teams have vast experience and a proven track record across an array of drug product formats for administration via oral, inhaled, topical, rectal and parenteral routes. We are trusted experts in formulation design. We have formulated over 1,500 molecules at all development stages Our approach for formulation design and development has been validated by our experience with over 1,500 molecules at all stages of drug development for our global customers needs. Drug product formats for administration Solid oral dosage forms API or formulated API in a bottle or capsule Immediate, modified, and sustained release tablets Multiparticulates, mini-tablets and granules Liquid filled capsules Orally disintegrating tablets (ODT) Oral & inhaled dosage forms Dry powders Solutions Suspensions Solubility-enhanced dosage forms Amorphous (Spray-dried, HME) dispersions Lipidic vehicles \- Self-emulsifying drug delivery systems (SEDDS) \- Self-micro emulsifying drug delivery systems (SMEDDS) Particle size reduction Complexation Parenterals Intravenous (IV) Intramuscular (IM) Subcutaneous (SC) Gels, ointments & creams Topical Rectal Go further with Quotient Sciences Aseptic Manufacturing Rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration. Learn More Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/preformulation-screening
Preformulation Screening | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Preformulation Screening Characterization techniques that speed your molecule's development Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Preformulation Screening Rapid screening and data to quickly reach your preclinical milestone. Preformulation screening services to take you through to formulation development Quotient Sciences’ experienced scientists can support your preformulation screening to allow selection of your drug candidate for preclinical evaluation and identification of your drug product in early clinical evaluation. Our rapid screening approach uses techniques such as particle size analysis, solubility screening, amorphous content and candidate stability to identify your lead candidates, which can then be developed into formulations for preclinical evaluation as either simple solutions/suspensions or more complex formulations. Reach your preclinical milestone faster Leverage our support to rapidly screen excipients and select appropriate formulations so you can begin preclinical studies in a matter of weeks, not months. We deliver high-quality reports and communication between your team and our expert scientists. You can be assured that the rapid data presented is accurate and interpreted in a timely manner. Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/formulation-optimization
Rapid Formulation Optimization | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Rapid Formulation Optimization Increase your drug product's potential for success Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Formulation Optimization Leverage our expertise to optimize your drug product formulation. Fast. More and more, emerging drugs have suboptimal properties that require formulation optimization to achieve their full potential. Leverage our decades of formulation of expertise and our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for integrated drug development to manufacture, test, and optimize new formulations, fast. Why Translational Pharmaceutics® can make a difference to your formulation development Translational Pharmaceutics ® can be applied to design, manufacture, and optimize new formulations based on emerging clinical data. This innovative approach of combining rapid formulation development and clinical testing is designed to accelerate formulation optimization and overcome the challenges of conventional development methods. Additionally, Translational Pharmaceutics ® allows for the unique inclusion of a formulation design space in initial regulatory submissions and clinical protocols. This means we can provide you with the flexibility to optimize the composition of critical-to-performance excipients and dosage strengths relative to clinical performance. Tailored to your needs Our team works with you to design a customized program to deliver your objectives in the most timely and cost-efficient way. We can apply Translational Pharmaceutics ® to reformulation efforts for new chemical entities, as well as during life cycle management of existing drugs, to help you: Save time by reducing the CMC data package needed for your clinical assessments Maximize flexibility by allowing you to fine-tune formulation compositions Increase potential for success by facilitating decisions based on clinical data Conserve valuable API by moving drug product scale-up from the critical path Support for your formulation challenges For over 15 years, we've leveraged our expertise in formulation development to help customers optimize their most challenging molecules. Evaluation and selection of solubilization technologies Optimization of modified release systems Improvement of taste, palatability and acceptability Development of combination products or changed routes of delivery Understanding quality by design of product and process variables Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/analytical-services
Analytical Services for Drug Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Analytical Services How do I ensure the performance of my drug product? Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Analytical Services Experienced analytical scientists, are critical to your drug programs success. At Quotient Sciences, we pride ourselves on providing the best analytical support, delivering candidate screening, drug product analysis and phase-appropriate method development and validation. Leverage our expertise in analytical testing of products from preclinical to commercial We have extensive experience in the testing of drug products from preclinical development through to commercial drug products including: Preclinical prototype evaluation including biorelevant characterization of your solid oral dosage forms Excipient compatibility to support your prototype selection Finished product testing including purity, dissolution and physical characterization ICH stability testing of your early and late stage drug products Specialists at the microbial analysis of radiolabelled compounds, cytotoxic & high potency compounds and controlled substances. Click here for more information on our microbiology capabilities. Candidate screening Our material science experts have a proven track record in rapidly characterizing API properties in order to support the selection of lead drug product formats for pre-clinical and clinical evaluation: Physicochemical properties Solid form definition and analysis Excipient compatibility testing Amorphous vs. crystalline solid state testing Aqueous and solvent solubility Solid state stability Analytical development We understand your analytical objectives throughout the drug development process and work with you to ensure that appropriate methodologies are available at all stages. We offer support and trouble-shooting capabilities including: Rapid development of analytical methods to support your early formulation prototype characterization including assay, purity and dissolution Development of phase-appropriate methods to support batch release and stability testing of your Phase I and Phase II drug product manufacturing Finalization of analytical methods to support your Phase III, registration and commercial drug product manufacturing ICH stability We offer a full stability storage and testing service that satisfies ICH guidelines for the stability assessment of your drug products. Our fully validated, controlled and monitored stability storage includes: 2–8°C 25°C/60%RH 30°C/65%RH 30°C/75%RH 40°C/75%RH Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Formulation Development Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/first-human
First-In-Human (FIH) Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact First-In-Human Formulation Development How do I select the most appropriate first-in-human formulation? Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development First-In-Human Support for rapid progression to your first-in-human evaluation. Quotient Sciences’ focus is on delivering the most appropriate formulations to expedite your clinical program, through dosing within our own Phase I clinical facilities or at an external site. Rapid progression to FIH when required We work with you to support rapid progression to your first-in-human (FIH) evaluation where required, ensuring that your ultimate drug product presentation goals can be seamlessly transitioned following confirmation of molecule safety and tolerability. Our formulators’ experience is built on years of work integrating formulation development and clinical evaluation. As a result, our development is based on an understanding of the intended indication including drug products designed for chronic dosing or for pediatric populations. Our breadth of formulations developed for first-in-human studies includes: APIs in a bottle or capsule Solutions Suspensions Tablets Capsules Parenterals Solubility-enhanced dosage forms First in Human (FIH) to Proof of Concept (POC) Find out more about accelerating molecules from FIH to POC. FIH > POC Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/modified-release
Modified Release Formulation Development Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Modified Release Formulation Development Optimize your modified-release formulations. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Modified Release Formulation Development Get expert support for your modified-release programs. Loading... Although modified-release (MR) formulations offer many therapeutic benefits, there are many challenges to overcome when trying to develop this type of formulation. Quotient Sciences has the expertise to help develop your modified-release form, with the insight to support even the most challenging modified-release programs. Download Info Sheet Rising to the challenge of MR formulations The popularity of modified-release (MR) dosage forms continues to rise due to the many therapeutic benefits that they offer for both drug developers and patients. Oral MR formulations are designed to control the rate and/or location of drug release in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. In contrast to immediate-release (IR) formulations, MR dosage forms can offer: maintenance of drug plasma concentrations over a prolonged period to reduce dosing frequency attenuation of drug peak-to-trough ratios to reduce peak-related adverse events (AEs) and improve efficacy drug delivery to targeted regions of the GI tract for localized treatment. Extensive formulation expertise in an end-to-end solution At Quotient Sciences, we have supported more than 100 MR development programs over the past decade across a wide variety of therapeutic areas. We have designed modified-release formulations in gastro-retention, sustained-release, pulsatile-release and other formats. Our extensive background in formulation, along with our agile and flexible approach to clinical and commercial manufacturing, makes us the ideal partner in the development of the development of your MR drug products. More insight about modified-release formats: Modified-release format Objective Formulation technology Gastro-retention Keep the formulation in the stomach for an extended period to maximize the duration of absorption or therapeutic activity Swellable tablets (monolithic, bilayer, trilayer) Gastro-resistant Prevent release of the drug in the stomach and/or upper gastrointestinal (GI) tract Overcome first-pass metabolism or gastric irritation Enteric-coated tablets or capsules Sustained or extended release Extend the in-vivo release profile of the drug or enable once-daily dosing Matrix tablets, coated tablets, or multiparticulates Targeted or controlled delivery Release the drug at or near the intended site of absorption or action Have either immediate-release or extended-release characteristics Deliver time-, pH-, or microbially-triggered release Tablets, capsules, or multiparticulates Biphasic release Eliminate the need for repeat dosing Provide rapid therapeutic effect from an immediate-release layer and extended dosing from a sustained-release layer Bilayer tablets or multiparticulates Pulsatile release Release the drug as a pulse after a pre-determined lag time, designed according to the body’s circadian rhythm Provide a release mechanism beneficial for drugs where time-dependent dosing is required or those that undergo first-pass metabolism Bilayer tablets or multiparticulates Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/pediatric-development
Pediatric Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Pediatric Formulation Development Customized pediatric dosage form solutions. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Pediatric Development Integrated solutions, that meet your complex pediatric product challenges. Loading... The development of acceptable, palatable pediatric formulations is a key feature within the industry today, driven by patient needs and regulatory requirements. Quotient Sciences can provide you with a unique integrated pediatric development solution. Pediatric formulation development Our scientists have considerable experience in developing palatable formulations in the OTC/consumer health care industry and have successfully developed customized pediatric pharmaceutical formulations which have received regulatory approval. Taste masking We have an extensive track record developing age-appropriate dosage forms of aversive, bitter drug substances using a range of taste-modifying and taste-masking techniques without compromising on product stability and PK performance. Taste assessment and PK studies Using our integrated GMP manufacturing and clinical testing platform, we perform rapid, adaptive trials in humans to optimize taste attributes and/or PK performance to ensure clinical validation prior to proceeding to pivotal pediatric trials. Pediatric Drug Development Solutions Find out more about our customized solutions to meet your unique pediatric program needs. Pediatrics Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Formulation Development Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/gamma-scintigraphy
Gamma Scintigraphy Formulation | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Gamma Scintigraphy Imaging How do I design and conduct my scintigraphic studies? Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Gamma Scintigraphy Early-stage evaluation of drug delivery systems in vivo, in real time. Gamma scintigraphy is a proven imaging technique used to visualize the in vivo performance of pharmaceutical dosage forms. Quotient Sciences have over 30 years’ experience in the design, conduct and reporting of scintigraphic studies. Real-time observation of clinical performance We can help you understand the impact of formulation composition, patient factors and human physiology on clinical outcomes. Low levels of a gamma-emitting isotope are included in the formulation during product manufacture to allow real-time observation of clinical performance following dosing in human subjects. Key applications include: oral and inhaled drug delivery Oral drug product performance: Assessment and optimization of modified release dosage forms, including delayed, sustained, pulsatile and gastroretentive modalities Quantification of the rate and anatomical sites of tablet erosion Correlation of formulation performance with pharmacokinetic measurements Formulation optimization for targeted GI drug delivery and local disease treatment Understanding the impact of food on formulation performance Evaluating formulation for local disease treatment Inhaled drug product performance: Assessment and optimization of nasal and pulmonary drug products Understanding the impact of formulation, device and patient factors on in vivo deposition Targeting drug delivery for local or systemic disease treatment Comparing the clinical performance of different devices and products Gamma scintigraphy is also used to study the pharmacodynamics of new chemical entities Concomitant administration of radiolabelled food or placebo systems with clinical formulations can allow the observation and quantification of pharmacological effects. Examples include: Quantification of the rate of gastric emptying, and small intestinal and colon transit; Assessment of gall bladder emptying; Measurement of lung mucociliary clearance Gamma scintigraphic assessments can be included with a standard Phase I clinical protocol, and combined with standard safety, pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic endpoints. Statistics, Pharmacokinetics and Scintigraphics Our scintigraphic analysts provide expert review and interpretation of scintigraphic data, providing both qualitative and quantitative analysis of drug product performance and pharmacodynamic effects during a study. We have designed, delivered and reported >100 scintigraphy studies across a range of drug products. Data Sciences Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/inhaled-development
Inhaled Drug Product Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Inhaled Drug Product Development Developing an inhaled drug product? Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Inhaled Development Leverage our integrated capabilities in nasal and pulmonary delivery. Loading... Quotient Sciences has expertise in the development and manufacturing of inhaled drug products over the last four decades. We support a range of drug delivery platforms including dry powder inhalers (DPIs) and solutions/suspensions for inhalation. Integrated capabilities proven to accelerate molecules for our customers Our integrated capabilities and knowledge of nasal and pulmonary delivery, helps our customers accelerate their molecules from first-in-human, through to proof-of-concept and into full development. Nasal and pulmonary delivery Our extensive expertise and capabilities for nasal and pulmonary delivery include: Preformulation and API characterisation Formulation and process development Inhaled device evaluation and selection Clinical manufacturing and supply (Phase I-III) Clinical pharmacology assessments Processing and analytical equipment We have a wide range of processing and analytical equipment to support the development and manufacture of inhaled drug products: Spray drying Micronization Blending and encapsulation Aerosol characterization Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/spray-drying
Pharmaceutical Spray Drying | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Spray Drying Improving the bioavailability of poorly soluble compounds. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Spray Drying Overcoming poor drug solubility and bioavailability challenges. Drug solubility has a significant impact on bioavailability. 70% of new chemical entities (NCEs) suffer from low aqueous solubility, Quotient Sciences' range of formulation approaches overcomes these complexities. Overcoming poor solubility of drug candidates with spray drying Poor solubility is becoming increasingly prevalent in drug development pipelines across the pharmaceutical industry, with approximately 70% of drugs that enter development possessing insufficient aqueous solubility for adequate and consistent gastrointestinal (GI) absorption. One proven method of improving the solubility, and hence bioavailability, of drug candidates is spray drying. What can our formulation development expertise in spray drying do for you We use a broad range of formulation approaches to address complex solubility and bioavailability challenges, ensuring technology selection is driven by molecule need. Within our technology portfolio, spray drying is an established capability. Our experts tailor formulation strategies based on the unique physical, chemical and biopharmaceutics properties of each drug, working within state-of-the-art facilities capable of handling high potency compounds. What is spray drying? The technique of spray drying involves dissolving a drug in an aqueous or organic solvent in the presence of a polymer. The resulting solution is then rapidly dried with hot gas to form a dispersion, known as a spray-dried dispersion (SDD). How does spray drying improve drug solubility? Spray drying produces a homogeneous solid mixture containing the drug and solubilizing polymer. SDDs improve drug solubility by making several key changes to the properties of the drug relative to its parent crystalline form: The molecule is converted to an amorphous, high-energy physical form, which, in the presence of the polymer, promotes enhanced aqueous solubility, resulting in a faster dissolution rate and up to ten times the saturated solubility of crystalline drug The polymer can inhibit the precipitation of the dissolved drug, resulting in sustained solubility The polymer stabilizes the drug in a glassy state, improving the long-term physical stability at a variety of temperature and humidity conditions Quotient Sciences’ unique solution to overcoming solubility challenges Identify and address critical formulation issues quickly. Optimize the performance of your formulation. Support your formulation development from pre-clinical to clinical evaluation. How can your spray drying capabilities help me? We have a proven track record of developing and manufacturing SDDs to overcome poor drug solubility and delivery challenges. We tailor the development of SDDs towards the specific physical, chemical, and biopharmaceutic properties of each molecule. Over the past 2 years, we have advanced more than 25 SDD formulations into clinical studies. Using state-of-the-art equipment, including ProCepT spray dryers for batches of up to 1 kg and a Niro Mobile Minor spray dryer for batches of 1–10 kg, we develop SDDs using both aqueous and organic solvent-based processing intended for both oral and inhaled drug delivery. Developed SDDs can be administered either as a powder-in-bottle reconstitution prior to dosing, or they can be further formulated as a powder-in-capsule or tablet presentation. Featured Blog Formulation Development, Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Read Blog Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Formulation Development Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/biopharmaceutics-and-pharmacokinetics
Biopharmaceutics & Pharmacokinetics | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Biopharmaceutics & Pharmacokinetics Accelerating early drug development. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Biopharmaceutics & Pharmacokinetics We are committed to helping our customers accelerate early drug development. In today's pharmaceutical development pipeline increasing numbers of molecules present sub-optimal pharmacokinetic (PK) data, such as poor exposure, large variability, short half-life, or Cmax-related adverse events (AEs). Quotient Sciences' can help. Overcoming sub-optimal challenges for small molecules and accelerating early drug development At Quotient Sciences, we support our biotech and pharma customers in the development and optimization of drug products . Our chemists and formulation scientists review the properties of each drug candidate and use their expertise to develop formulations that improve the exposure profile of the compound. To embark on formulation optimization , it is key that we understand the biopharmaceutic properties of the compound, as that will guide the formulation strategy and technology selection. What is biopharmaceutics? Biopharmaceutics is a scientific discipline that examines the interrelationship of the physicochemical properties of the drug, the dosage form in which the drug is given, and the route of administration on the rate and extent of systemic drug absorption (Applied Biopharmaceutics and Pharmacokinetics, Shargel, Wu-Pong and Yu, 5th Edition). In order to deliver the right amount of drug at the right time with the correct concentration within the body to exert a therapeutic effect, our formulators need to understand systemic exposure of the drug. For an orally administered drug, that means understanding the process of absorption and then teasing apart the rate-limiting steps in the process. Biopharmaceutics allows you to understand the solubility, dissolution, and permeability of a compound, and from this, we can then assess the potential fraction absorbed. Our formulators are often able to directly impact the amount of drug absorbed through formulation optimization and improve exposure. Our biopharmaceutics toolbox to overcome challenges with small molecules Understanding the biopharmaceutic properties of your compound can help us identify a formulation strategy that overcomes the challenges the compound faces or can assess the potential for the specific compound to meet the target product profile (TPP). We have a number of tools within our biopharmaceutics toolbox to predict human exposure and drive formulation strategies: Biopharmaceutics Classification System (BCS) and Developability Classification System (DCS) assessment Biorelevant characterization Precipitation experiments Solid-state characterization In-silico predictions from physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling Specialized models The Developability Classification System (DCS) Poorly soluble molecules are increasingly prevalent in early development, requiring enhanced formulation technologies to achieve therapeutic outcomes. The DCS, developed by Dressman and Butler, is a system used to classify the developability potential of compounds based on solubility and permeability. The DCS classifies compounds into four categories: Class I (high solubility, high permeability), Class II (low solubility, high permeability), Class III (high solubility, low permeability), and Class IV (low solubility, low permeability). Most new molecules fall into Class II, which is sub-divided into Class IIa (dissolution limited) and Class IIb (solubility limited). For Class IIa compounds, formulation strategies to improve exposure focus on particle size reduction, such as nanomillling and micronization. For Class IIb compounds, solubility-enhancement strategies such as spray-dried dispersions (SDDs) and lipids may be used. At Quotient Sciences, we use the DCS to help drive formulation strategies for our clients. We can either take your existing data and assign a DCS classification or measure solubility and calculate a predicted human effective permeability (Peff) using GastroPlus® ADMET predictor, which is done by our modeling and simulation group based on the compound structure. Translational Pharmaceutics®: Integrated programs to accelerate early drug development Traditional drug development programs rely heavily on using preclinical models to predict exposure in humans. This can be risky and inefficient, given the poor correlation of exposure between pre-clinical species and humans. At Quotient Sciences, our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform integrates drug substance, drug product development, real-time adaptive Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing, and clinical testing activities under a single organization. We use biopharmaceutics information along with the DCS to select a formulation strategy, and then within a clinical study use rapid ‘make-test’ cycles to select and optimize formulations in real time based on arising clinical data. This innovative approach reduces development risks, maximizes the probability of clinical success, and saves time and costs for our customers. Translational Pharmaceutics® has now been used by pharma and biotech companies on over 500 drug programs. The financial benefits and time savings were quantified in a publication by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) . On-Demand Webinar Translational Pharmaceutics Getting it Right Early: The Importance of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development 1 June 2022 Watch Now Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Formulation Development Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-trial-manufacturing/global-clinical-trial-supplies
Global Clinical Trial Supplies | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Global Clinical Trial Supplies Accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline with our global clinical trial supply logistics. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Trial Manufacturing Global Clinical Trial Supplies Customized packaging, labeling, and distribution services. We understand the challenges of managing clinical trials at numerous sites across multiple countries. Quotient Sciences can ease the headache of global product supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. Seamless supply strategy We’ll develop and manufacture your drug product, then seamlessly integrate a flexible packaging, labeling, and distribution strategy that's tailored to your clinical trial. Managing the packaging, multi-language labeling, and door-to-door logistics, our clinical trial supply team works with you to design the most efficient process for drug product supply to your central hub or clinical sites, including the provision of bulk drug product or individual patient kits. Key questions we can help you address How much product do I need to manufacture? What packaging do I require? How do I ship to multiple countries? How do I develop a flexible supply chain? How often will my product be required? Who will coordinate the supply chain? Getting your product to the right patient at the right time Flexible product Get the product delivered as bulk, bright stock in primary packaging, or as patient kits – the choice is yours Global supply We can ensure distribution of your product where it’s needed, anywhere in the world, when it’s needed Avoid stockpiling Delivered by bright stock inventory management and just-in-time (JIT) labeling and distribution – only ship product when it is required Protect API Protect precious active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) and drug product – develop a logistics strategy that reduces waste Leverage knowledge Access in-depth knowledge on best practice, from local rules and regulations, through to managing import and export licensing Drug pooling Benefit from flexibility in cross protocols through drug pooling – maximize flexibility by JIT labeling to allow distribution of drug product across multiple clinical protocols 2,000 drug products to more than 150 unique clinical sites Building an effective product supply strategy is vital for rapidly moving through clinical development. Quotient Sciences has supplied over 2,000 drug products to more than 150 unique clinical sites in hospitals and contract research organizations worldwide. Connect with us to learn how we can help support your global clinical trials. Contact Us Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Clinical Trial Manufacturing Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-trial-manufacturing/high-potency-api-manufacturing
High Potency APIs (HPAPIs) Handling and Manufacturing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact High Potency APIs (HPAPIs) Handling & Manufacturing From preclinical to small-scale commercial manufacturing, we have specialist facilities and expertise in handling highly potent compounds and controlled substances. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Trial Manufacturing High Potency APIs (HPAPIs) Handling and Manufacturing Enhancing the clinical potential of highly potent APIs. Today, more drugs in development than ever are classed as highly potent. With over 30 years of experience in small molecule drug development, Quotient Sciences possesses the expertise to overcome the challenges that arise with HPAPI handling. Download Info Sheet Highly Potent APIs at Quotient Sciences High Potency APIs are increasingly challenging Highly potent active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs) are becoming increasingly common in drug development pipelines, especially in oncology research, cancer treatments, and other targeted therapies with greater selectivity and pharmacological activity. Highly potent active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs) present additional CMC challenges due to the containment requirements to protect both the operators and manufacturing facilities. Their production processes may also require greater precision and control due to the very small quantities of drug present in the final dosage form. A flexible, tailored approach to highly potent API manufacturing at state-of-the-art facilities From early development through to commercial manufacturing and supply, we look to tailor and maximize the success of our customers’ HPAPI programs. With that in mind, we have heavily invested in specialized facilities in both the UK and US to provide the necessary containment, engineering controls and personnel protection needed to safely handle these types of compounds and to prevent cross-contamination. Our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities have undergone multiple EH&S safety audits to ensure that they meet cGMP compliance standards and have been inspected by several major global regulatory agencies. Our risk management program includes ongoing environmental health monitoring and surrogate monitoring to ensure consistent control over our processes, facilities, cleaning procedures, and SOP’s. Read a recent blog featuring our EH&S experts, who discuss our approach to handling HPAPIs. Read Blog High Potency Handling Capabilities & Support We offer a broad range of development and manufacturing services for HPAPIs from Preclinical through Phase III/Commercial Manufacturing: API Characterization and Pre-formulation Development Formulation Screening and Development Stability Storage and Testing Services (ICH Storage Conditions) Clinical Trial Manufacturing and QC Release (GMP) Analytical Method Development Clinical Supplies Packaging and Global Distribution Commercial Product Manufacture Development and Manufacturing of Intermediates and Finished Drug Products Containing HPAPIs with OELs as low as 0.001 µg/m³ API Classification In order to protect the integrity of the drug product, as well as the safety of the environment and our colleagues, we evaluate the potency of an API, by following the guidelines established by the Performance-Based-Level of Exposure Classification (PBLEC) system. A compound’s categorization is risk-based and takes into consideration the safety/toxicology data available, which could be limited in the early stages of development, and aligns it with the appropriate occupational exposure range. At our global facilities, we are able to handle PBLEC levels 1 through to 5 dependent upon the type of compound, dosage form, manufacturing process and batch size required. A Global HPAPI Development and Manufacturing Our global facilities offer an end-to-end development solution from early phase formulation screening through clinical and commercial manufacturing. Contact Us Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-trial-manufacturing/aseptic-manufacturing
Aseptic Manufacturing Capabilities | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Aseptic Development and Manufacturing of Parenteral Drug Products Rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Trial Manufacturing Aseptic Manufacturing Bringing our expertise to the development of your parenteral drug product Parenteral drug products, also known as injectables, are a rapidly growing area in the pharmaceutical market. The development and manufacture of parenteral drug products, which are later administered to a patient through injection or infusion, require specialized facilities and equipment to ensure patient safety. Quotient Sciences' has over 30 years of experience in the development of parenteral drug products, from candidate development to clinical manufacturing via aseptic filtration techniques. Contact Us Today Our experienced scientists are always looking downstream Our approach to aseptic development and manufacturing Parenteral drug products, which include intravenous (IV), subcutaneous (SC), or intramuscular (IM) routes of administration, require careful planning, thoroughly trained personnel, and dedicated facilities to ensure patient safety. Our innovative approach enables rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration, with a strong emphasis on environmental and process controls to ensure the safety of your therapy. Customized services for manufacturing your therapy We have the expertise to develop, pharmacy compound, manufacture, test, release, and supply a range of formulations (IV, SC, and IM administration) for a variety of clinical study types, including first-in-human (FIH) healthy volunteer studies assessing safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics (PK), as well as radiolabeled formulations for human absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion (ADME) studies. Utilize our services as a standalone offering or as part of an integrated drug development program tailored to meet your needs. Contact Us Today Clinical testing and manufacturing support At our clinical pharmacology facility in the US, we develop and prepare sterile drug products for immediate dosing within our Phase I, healthy volunteer clinic. This is done at a small scale to support FIH studies. Using Translational Pharmaceutics®, our integrated drug development and clinical testing platform, we can perform rapid “make-test” cycles to manufacture, release, and dose sterile drug products. Translational Pharmaceutics® facilitates real-time decision-making based on emerging clinical data, offering flexibility to adjust formulations within a study. Our integrated approach to drug development simplifies your supply chain, shortens your timelines, and reduces your R&D costs. More Information Aseptic Manufacturing: What our customers say "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/commercial-manufacturing/scale-up-and-tech-transfer
Scale-Up & Tech-Transfer | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scale-Up & Tech-Transfer We can seamlessly advance projects into the later stages of development. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Commercial Manufacturing Scale-Up and Tech-Transfer We will support your tech-transfer and scale-up process. Fast. Quotient Sciences can support you in all aspects of the scale-up to technology-transfer process into one of our global manufacturing facilities. Technology transfers and scale-up require a high degree of cross-functional integration. With detailed knowledge and expertise across all key areas – development, analytical, manufacturing, quality, and regulatory – we will help to mitigate risks and seamlessly advance projects into the later stages of development. Contact Us Technology transfer Technology transfers are not always straightforward, especially if the product and processes are being transferred between different organizations or onto different types of equipment. With fully integrated capabilities and common manufacturing processes across our sites, we ensure a quick and seamless approach to technology transfers. For transfers from an existing provider, or even some products that may require certain equipment or processes, our multidisciplinary project teams will start by gaining a deep understanding of the history of the product. With this foundation, we will work with the customer to develop and implement the product development plan. Scale-up Quotient Sciences supports customers at all stages of development and has a strong track record of scaling up from lab and pilot scale to commercial batch sizes. Deep technical expertise is underpinned by fully integrated departments and a strong project management capability. This enables seamless progression as a molecule transitions through development, with like-for-like manufacturing equipment trains from early- to late-stage manufacturing for scaling up from gram quantities to multi-kilogram batches. Maintaining product quality and robustness is essential. A team of dedicated formulation and process experts support the identification of critical process parameters (CPPs) and critical quality attributes (CQAs). Understanding these factors early in formulation and process development is key for successful scale-up. Quotient Sciences also applies the principles of quality by design (QbD) and a design of experiments (DoE) approach to development. By systematically developing an understanding of the product and process, we help clients to build robustness and quality into the final formulation. Scale-Up and Tech-Transfer: What our customers say "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/orphan-rare-diseases
Orphan Rare Diseases CRO:CDMO Services & Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Orphan Drugs & Rare Diseases How can I accelerate the development of my rare disease drug candidate? Contact Us Home Solutions Orphan Drugs & Rare Diseases We help you give new hope to those who are affected by rare diseases. 400 million people around the world are affected by a rare disease. Half of those patients are children. In the United States alone, over 7,000 rare diseases affect more than 30 million people. The FDA has approved hundreds of drugs for rare diseases in the four decades since the Orphan Drug Act was signed into law in 1983. Still to this day, most rare diseases do not have FDA-approved treatments. Many difficulties remain in bringing new medicines for rare diseases to market, ranging from limited R&D budgets to challenging clinical recruitment. Accelerating the orphan drug development pathway The development of treatments to address unmet needs in rare disease is an area of our expertise. We have supported over 50 development programs for rare diseases in the past five years alone. Our extensive formulation development and clinical pharmacology expertise, coupled with our agile and flexible approach to clinical manufacturing and commercial manufacturing , make us your ideal partner to make a difference in patients' lives. Integrated capabilities and expertise for orphan drug development From pre-formulation and formulation development, through to clinical development and scale-up for commercial manufacturing, we provide an end-to-end solution for the development of orphan drug products. Our capabilities for orphan drug development include: Pre-formulation and API characterization Formulation and process development First-in-human clinical testing and acceleration into POC trials Bespoke clinical trial manufacturing and supply (Phase I-III) of drug products into patient trials Rapid scale-up and commercial manufacturing of low-volume products Download Whitepaper Articles & Publications, Dr. Paul Quigley, John McDermott DCAT Value Chain Insights - CDMO Roundtable: Managing Orphan Drug Projects Read More Our goal is to help you bring new rare disease treatments to market, fast. As a fully integrated drug development, clinical testing and manufacturing organization, Quotient Sciences addresses the challenges associated with orphan drug development. We are dedicated to accelerating the development of new drugs for patients around the world, providing individual services or fully integrated programs through our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® drug development platform. Contact us today to learn how we can help support the development and manufacturing needs of your orphan drug program. Contact Us Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/commercial-manufacturing/high-potency-commercial-manufacturing
High Potency Commercial Manufacturing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact High Potency Commercial Manufacturing We can overcome the manufacturing challenges that arise with HPAPIs. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Commercial Manufacturing High Potency Commercial Manufacturing HPAPIs present commercial challenges, use our expertise to overcome them. Quotient Sciences has specialist facilities and expertise for the commercial manufacture of highly potent compounds. Optimized HPAPI handling and scale-up at global state-of-the-art facilities Whether you need to manufacture a new commercial product or extend your commercial supply chain for an existing product, we have the capabilities, quality, and experience to help you achieve your goals and overcome the challenges that arise with high-potency active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs) Handling HPAPI challenges HPAPIs are becoming increasingly common in drug development pipelines, especially in the oncology sector, as researchers search for therapies with greater selectivity and pharmacological activity. We are up to the challenge at our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. They have undergone multiple EH&S safety audits to ensure that they meet cGMP compliance standards and have been inspected by several major global regulatory agencies. Global HPAPI manufacturing HPAPIs present additional chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) challenges due to the containment requirements to protect both the operators and manufacturing facilities. Their production processes may also require greater precision and control due to the very small quantities of drug present in the final dosage form. Our global facilities are configured with the necessary controls required for the handling and processing of these types of molecules and we offer our customers a complete, global end-to-end development solution. Highly Potent Handling Experience We are experienced at handling HPAPIs, from pre-clinical through to Phase III and commercial manufacturing. Learn more about our expertise by contacting us today. Contact Us What's new in High Potency Manufacturing? High Potency APIs, Clinical Trial Manufacturing Strategies for the Development and Manufacture of Highly Potent Compounds By: Catherine Wilkes & Robert Alfred Learn more High Potency APIs, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Commercial Manufacturing Understanding the challenges of working with products containing high-potency active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs) Learn more Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/first-in-human-proof-concept
First in human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact First in Human (FIH) to Proof of Concept (POC) Accelerating molecules to POC. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology First in human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) FIH to POC. Fast. Loading... To identify molecules with the greatest chance of success, the transition of your molecule from candidate selection to POC needs to be fast and cost-effective. Accelerate to POC with Translational Pharmaceutics® Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® approach enables FIH studies by transitioning your drug molecule into clinical development through to POC quickly through the integration of: Formulation development, real-time adaptive Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing, and clinical research Multiple assessments within a single clinical protocol (e.g. single dose, multiple dose, food effect, gender effect, POC) Translational Pharmaceutics®: For FIH programs Reduces time to achieve POC milestone Minimizes costs in upfront chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) Increases precision and flexibility in your study Formulation optimization based on emerging clinical data Customizes drug product supply to the needs of your study Simplifies supply and streamlines delivery Accelerating FIH to POC: What our customers say R552 is a potent and selective RIP1 kinase inhibitor that blocks inflammatory cell death downstream of death receptors. It is being developed at Rigel Pharmaceuticals for treatment of autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. We were very delighted to have Quotient Sciences on board and they worked with us on the formulation development as well as the first-in-human study of R552. During the course of project development, we were very impressed by Quotient Sciences’ responsiveness in communication, efficiency/flexibility in project management, extensive knowledge/experience in formulation development, early-phase clinical trial conduct, and safety monitoring. Quotient Sciences is one of the best development partners that we have ever worked with and would recommend it for future collaborations without any reservation. Dr. Lucy Yan Executive Medical Director , Rigel Therapeutics Expert insight for FIH programs More Blogs Translational Pharmaceutics, First-in-Human Integrated Development Strategies - Part 1: Leveraging clinical data to accelerate from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) By: John McDermott Read More Candidate Development, First-in-Human How to streamline the development of your molecule from candidate selection to first-in-human clinical testing By: Stephen Byard Read More Formulation Development, Healthy Volunteer Trials, First-in-Human, Human ADME Balancing time, cost and development risk when choosing the appropriate dosage form for your first-in-human Phase I trials By: Dr. Peter Scholes Read More More Blogs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/human-adme
Human ADME Studies | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Human ADME Studies How can I simplify the delivery of my Human ADME Study? Watch video Loading... Contact us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Human ADME Studies Simplifying study delivery while maximizing data output. Loading... A human mass balance/ADME study is required for New Drug Applications (NDA). Quotient Sciences is a leading provider of human ADME 14C radiolabeled studies. Download Whitepaper Human ADME know-how and regulatory expertise The goal of a human mass balance study is to understand how drugs are absorbed, metabolized, and excreted (AME) after dosing. This information is critical as it helps determine if any other clinical investigations might be necessary for a new drugs regulatory approval. Whether you're approaching the end of Phase II clinical development or planning for your regulatory submission, Quotient Sciences can help you simplify the delivery of your human ADME studies, whilst maximizing data output. We have the scientific expertise and operational know-how to design and deliver human ADME programs in preparation for New Drug Application (NDA), Marketing Authorization Application (MAA), and global regulatory filings. Synthesis-to-Clinic®: Integrated Human ADME Studies Quotient Sciences' Synthesis-to-Clinic® approach pulls all the necessary elements required for the completion of a human ADME program together into a single, integrated program of work. We drive efficient development and manufacturing of 14C drug products tailored to the specific requirements of your ADME program — including intravenous (IV) products to generate IV pharmacokinetic and absolute bioavailability data, where appropriate. Human ADME Studies: What our customers say We conducted a 14C human ADME study with Quotient Sciences… We were extremely satisfied with all aspects of the study, including project management, formulation development, manufacture, clinical conduct, and reporting. We would use Quotient Sciences again for this type of study. Oliver Schueller Senior Vice President , Kadmon, a Sanofi Company Our experts Iain Shaw is Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development at Quotient Sciences. Iain has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including more than 20 years of drug development experience and extensive experience with 14C human ADME studies. Meet Iain Our capabilities Our team of experts have extensive chemical and radiochemical knowledge and experience of isotopically labeling hundreds of molecular entities. Isotopic Labeling What's new in Human ADME? Human ADME, First-in-Human Delivering Human ADME Studies By: Iain Shaw Learn More Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Learn More Candidate Development, First-in-Human How to streamline the development of your molecule from candidate selection to first-in-human clinical testing By: Stephen Byard Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/isotope-labeling
14C Isotope Labeling | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact 14C Isotope Labeling Isotopically labeled materials to support your development pathway to the clinic. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology 14C Isotope Labeling Accelerating your drug compounds to the clinic. Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled (14C/stable isotope labeled [SIL]) materials to support your non-clinical and clinical development. Quotient Sciences supports the design and conduct of both non-clinical and clinical human ADME studies for research, development, and regulatory purposes. We are experts in the safe handling of 14C-labeled high-potency/high-hazard compounds (cytotoxics) and 14C-labeled gases and volatiles, including 14CO2. Our radiochemists work closely with our analytical and drug product teams to deliver a solution-focused service to our customers, throughout all stages of drug development. Trust us to deliver on time and in full, with a 98% delivery rate. Our facilities are UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)-accredited, and we offer full Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) synthesis of 14C-labeled compounds for human studies. Customers who have placed both their pre-clinical and clinical studies with us have shortened their time to clinic and saved on development costs by avoiding the need for re-synthesis. We have a 98% delivery rate and take great pride in delivering on time and in full for our customers. Human ADME Info Sheet Ask the experts Meet Iain Shaw, Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development More About Iain Radiolabeling expertise available as a standalone service or part of an integrated program. As part of a Synthesis-to-Clinic® program, we pull all necessary elements required to complete a human ADME program into a single program of work that includes radiosynthesis to the final clinical report. This drives efficient development and manufacturing of 14C drug products tailored to the specific requirements of your ADME program — including intravenous (IV) products to generate IV pharmacokinetic and absolute bioavailability data, where appropriate. Real-time GMP manufacture and QP release of 14C drug products, facilitated by Synthesis-to-Clinic®. On-site pharmaceutical sciences facilities for the development, real-time GMP manufacture, and Qualified Person (QP) release of 14C drug products enable us to supply oral and parenteral formulations for ADME studies seamlessly. GMP manufacturing of 14C drug product is conducted in the same building as clinical dosing and real-time adaptive manufacturing, allowing us to support ADME studies in patients at specialist clinics. Learn more about our expertise and capabilities in our whitepaper, "Synthesis to Clinic®: A streamlined approach to 14C human ADME studies." Download Whitepaper State-of-the-art equipment for isotopic labeling Our heritage in drug development and the presence of bioanalytical experts under the same roof allow us to design and deliver stable isotope labeled internal standards with the correct properties for successful bioanalysis studies. Vacuum manifold equipment for handling volatile 14 C starting materials Preparative chromatography systems to maximize radiolabeled material recovery with high velocity High-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) Liquid scintillation counters Radio-thin-layer chromatography (radio-TLC) imagers H-Cube flow hydrogenation systems More information about our services What is 14C isotope radiolabeling? Human ADME studies provide data for mass balance, pharmacokinetics, and metabolite characterization. This allows detailed understanding of the metabolism of a drug candidate to support regulatory submission. A synthesis of the drug candidate is designed that uses a radioactive starting material to introduce one or more 14C atoms into the final structure. The labeling position is chosen to maximize the metabolic data that can be determined and builds upon hundreds of years of experience in designing short and economical routes ensuring high velocity of material delivery. The material produced has the same pharmacokinetic and metabolic properties as the unlabeled compound, but the presence of the radioactive element allows quantification of the parameters being studied. What is stable isotope labeling (SIL)? Mass spectrometry is the workhorse of bioanalysis, with millions of samples being analyzed daily across the world. Accurate quantification of the test substance is key and is accomplished using an internal standard. SIL materials provide ideal internal standards for studying development candidates. A copy of the molecule is produced containing SIL atoms. These are not radioactive but can be distinguished from the unlabeled material by mass spectrometry, enhancing the accuracy of the measurements made. Contact Us Today Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/gamma-scintigraphy
Gamma Scintigraphy Formulation | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Gamma Scintigraphy Imaging How do I design and conduct my scintigraphic studies? Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Gamma Scintigraphy Early-stage evaluation of drug delivery systems in vivo, in real time. Gamma scintigraphy is a proven imaging technique used to visualize the in vivo performance of pharmaceutical dosage forms. Quotient Sciences have over 30 years’ experience in the design, conduct and reporting of scintigraphic studies. Real-time observation of clinical performance We can help you understand the impact of formulation composition, patient factors and human physiology on clinical outcomes. Low levels of a gamma-emitting isotope are included in the formulation during product manufacture to allow real-time observation of clinical performance following dosing in human subjects. Key applications include: oral and inhaled drug delivery Oral drug product performance: Assessment and optimization of modified release dosage forms, including delayed, sustained, pulsatile and gastroretentive modalities Quantification of the rate and anatomical sites of tablet erosion Correlation of formulation performance with pharmacokinetic measurements Formulation optimization for targeted GI drug delivery and local disease treatment Understanding the impact of food on formulation performance Evaluating formulation for local disease treatment Inhaled drug product performance: Assessment and optimization of nasal and pulmonary drug products Understanding the impact of formulation, device and patient factors on in vivo deposition Targeting drug delivery for local or systemic disease treatment Comparing the clinical performance of different devices and products Gamma scintigraphy is also used to study the pharmacodynamics of new chemical entities Concomitant administration of radiolabelled food or placebo systems with clinical formulations can allow the observation and quantification of pharmacological effects. Examples include: Quantification of the rate of gastric emptying, and small intestinal and colon transit; Assessment of gall bladder emptying; Measurement of lung mucociliary clearance Gamma scintigraphic assessments can be included with a standard Phase I clinical protocol, and combined with standard safety, pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic endpoints. Statistics, Pharmacokinetics and Scintigraphics Our scintigraphic analysts provide expert review and interpretation of scintigraphic data, providing both qualitative and quantitative analysis of drug product performance and pharmacodynamic effects during a study. We have designed, delivered and reported >100 scintigraphy studies across a range of drug products. Data Sciences Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/integrated-pharmacy-compounding
Integrating Pharmacy Compounding & GMP Manufacturing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrating Pharmacy Compounding & GMP Manufacturing Accelerate through first-in-human testing and seamlessly supply drug product into patient trials Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Integrated Pharmacy Compounding and GMP Manufacturing Accelerate your molecule from first in human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC). Pharmacy compounding offers a simple and streamlined pathway to start FIH clinical testing At the early development stage, leveraging pharmacy compounding, you can remove the need for extensive chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) investment or active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) consumption. Quotient Sciences provides integrated pharmacy compounding, formulation, Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing, and clinical testing solutions to help you achieve your POC milestones quickly, shortening development time while reducing costs. Dose preparations can be made in real time, which gives our clients the flexibility to make quick and informed changes to the dose or formulation based on human data in order to respond to changes in the FIH protocol design. Download Info Sheet We help you seamlessly scale up: Start your FIH trial with a fit-for-purpose pharmacy preparation We can help you develop a cost-effective dosage form for your FIH trial that provides maximum dose flexibility to achieve your Phase I objectives. Bridge formulations within the same FIH protocol Next, we'll help you evaluate formulation technologies and different dosage forms so you can select a patient-ready formulation to move forward. Supply product to start your patient trials Finally, we provide you with an immediate clinical trial material supply, ready for packaging and shipment, so you can start your Phase II proof-of-concept (POC) trials. Simple and streamlined Begin your Phase I first-in-human testing with a simple, fit-for-purpose pharmacy preparation to get in the clinic quickly. See how we can help. Have a challenging molecule? We've earned a reputation for our biopharmaceutics and formulation development expertise in supporting our customers through the development of even the most complex molecules. Leveraging our expertise and our supporting GMP manufacturing capabilities for solubility enhancement and complex oral solid dosage forms, including modified-release (MR) and immediate-release (IR) capsules and tablets, we can help achieve your goals of getting to FIH trials, then to POC. Our solubility-enhancement technologies to produce solubilized intermediates and final dosage forms include: Lipidic systems Micronization Spray drying Hot melt extrusion Benefits of using an integrated pharmacy-manufacturing approach Quickly and cost-effectively start clinical testing with a fit-for-phase pharmacy preparation Manage CMC investment in dosage form development appropriately as a molecule progresses and key elements are de-risked Select an appropriate dosage form for the FIH trial that provides maximum dose flexibility to achieve Phase I objectives Evaluate different formulation options and select a lead system to move forward Develop and bridge to a solid oral drug product for patient trials within the same program of work Seamlessly start Phase II trials on time with immediate supply of clinical trial material Minimize the number of vendors and simplify the supply chain Manage quantities of API and drug product costs Loading... Take a look at our Miami, FL compounding pharmacy Located at our clinical pharmacology facility in Miami , Florida, our 2,500 ft 2 compounding pharmacy has been built to support rapid and cost-effective dose preparations, including oral solutions, suspensions, drug or powder in capsule or bottle, and sterile preparations for parenteral delivery for both API and GMP intermediates. Built with the necessary International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 5 and 7 standards in place, our pharmacy meets United States Pharmacopeia (USP) 795, 797, and 800 compounding requirements to ensure both operator and patient safety for high-potency and high-risk molecules up to Performance-Based Level of Exposure Classification (PBLEC) 5. Rapidly go from FIH to POC trials Leverage our integrated services to simplify your outsourcing and advance a patient-friendly GMP drug product into POC trials as efficiently as possible. Our compounding pharmacy is fully integrated with our pharmaceutical development and GMP manufacturing facilities located in the US and UK. Contact Us Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/regulatory-affairs
Regulatory Affairs | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Regulatory Affairs How do I ensure high-quality regulatory submissions? Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Regulatory Affairs Accelerate and streamline your global regulatory affairs. Quotient Sciences’ has an in-depth understanding of the evolving clinical trial regulatory environment in Europe and the US, ensuring the production of high-quality dossiers and a seamless submission and approval process for your Phase I trials. Highly experienced regulatory specialists and scientists Our highly experienced regulatory specialists and scientists prepare, submit, and/or manage: Clinical Trial Authorization (CTA) and Investigational New Drug (IND) applications Institutional Review Board (IRB)/Research Ethics Committee (REC) submissions Administration of Radioactive Substances Advisory Committee (ARSAC) applications for studies requiring dosing of ionizing radiation to human volunteers Strategic regulatory advice and medical writing Our regulatory services also include: Writing and reviewing chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) drug substance and drug product sections Writing and reviewing Investigator’s Brochures (IBs) Advising on quality, pre-clinical, or clinical data requirements to support Phase I clinical trials Providing strategic advice on UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA), European Medicines Agency (EMA), and US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) clinical trial regulatory processes High-quality submissions and fast approvals We have strong collaborative relationships with IRBs/RECs in the UK and US, with combined in-depth and up-to-date understanding of the clinical trial regulatory environment and requirements, which results in high-quality submissions and fast approvals. Clinical Pharmacology Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/modeling-and-simulation
Modeling & Simulation | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Modeling & Simulation How do I identify the clinical data needed for my program? Contact us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Modeling and Simulation Enhance your clinical development program with modeling and simulation (M&S). Quotient Sciences’ M&S specialists have vast experience performing physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling. They help you pinpoint the questions you need to answer and identify the data you need to collect. A collaborative approach to M&S We can provide a mechanistic understanding of the likely performance and disposition of your drug product (generic or new chemical entity [NCE]) in vivo and inform risk-based decisions on formulation and clinical design, ultimately reducing the cost of development. The valuable role of M&S in drug development programs is being acknowledged through increasing inclusion in global regulatory submissions. We work collaboratively with you and can provide long-term support to your development programs, from drug discovery to lifecycle management. Overview of our modeling and simulation team We offer services in either a standalone capacity or integrated with a clinical study conducted at Quotient Sciences that help you: Perform FIH predictions to predict fraction absorbed, maximum absorbable dose, starting dose, and potential dose range of your drug product Conduct quality-by-design (QbD) assessments to assess the impact of changes to your drug product’s particle size, shape, or dissolution rate Assess feasibility of your drug for modified-release (MR) drug product development Construct and validate both numerical and mechanistic in-vitro/in-vivo correlations (IVIVCs), which offer significant downstream benefits to your development team, including drug product specification setting, managing pre-/post-approval CMC (chemistry, manufacturing, and controls) changes, and justifying biowaivers Predict outcomes in special populations (e.g. pediatrics, renal or hepatic impairment, diverse ethnicities) and conduct virtual clinical trials, such as bioequivalence assessments Why perform modeling and simulation with us? Our M&S activities span from early clinical development through to lifecycle management and are tailored to answer your specific needs. Using our integrated Translational Pharmaceutics® approach, your first-in-human (FIH) or drug optimization program benefits from the simulation of exposure profiles, which help to select doses and define robust formulation strategies The complex interplay between the properties influencing your drug’s bioavailability can be described, understood, and applied in risk assessment and decision-making Our multidisciplinary experts use GastroPlus™ to model your drug product’s physicochemical, biopharmaceutic, and drug metabolism and pharmacokinetic (DMPK) data Our team have successfully provided GastroPlus™ consultancy services for over 5 years, partnering with virtual biotech to large pharmaceutical companies Quotient Sciences Completes Qualification of GastroPlus® PBPK Modeling Software Quotient Sciences’ Modeling and Simulation (M&S) team has recently completed qualification of GastroPlus, the software they use for physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling. This 2-year project reflects Quotient Sciences’ commitment to conducting high-quality modeling work with regard to data integrity. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/integrated-pharmacy-compounding
Integrating Pharmacy Compounding & GMP Manufacturing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrating Pharmacy Compounding & GMP Manufacturing Accelerate through first-in-human testing and seamlessly supply drug product into patient trials Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Integrated Pharmacy Compounding and GMP Manufacturing Accelerate your molecule from first in human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC). Pharmacy compounding offers a simple and streamlined pathway to start FIH clinical testing At the early development stage, leveraging pharmacy compounding, you can remove the need for extensive chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) investment or active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) consumption. Quotient Sciences provides integrated pharmacy compounding, formulation, Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing, and clinical testing solutions to help you achieve your POC milestones quickly, shortening development time while reducing costs. Dose preparations can be made in real time, which gives our clients the flexibility to make quick and informed changes to the dose or formulation based on human data in order to respond to changes in the FIH protocol design. Download Info Sheet We help you seamlessly scale up: Start your FIH trial with a fit-for-purpose pharmacy preparation We can help you develop a cost-effective dosage form for your FIH trial that provides maximum dose flexibility to achieve your Phase I objectives. Bridge formulations within the same FIH protocol Next, we'll help you evaluate formulation technologies and different dosage forms so you can select a patient-ready formulation to move forward. Supply product to start your patient trials Finally, we provide you with an immediate clinical trial material supply, ready for packaging and shipment, so you can start your Phase II proof-of-concept (POC) trials. Simple and streamlined Begin your Phase I first-in-human testing with a simple, fit-for-purpose pharmacy preparation to get in the clinic quickly. See how we can help. Have a challenging molecule? We've earned a reputation for our biopharmaceutics and formulation development expertise in supporting our customers through the development of even the most complex molecules. Leveraging our expertise and our supporting GMP manufacturing capabilities for solubility enhancement and complex oral solid dosage forms, including modified-release (MR) and immediate-release (IR) capsules and tablets, we can help achieve your goals of getting to FIH trials, then to POC. Our solubility-enhancement technologies to produce solubilized intermediates and final dosage forms include: Lipidic systems Micronization Spray drying Hot melt extrusion Benefits of using an integrated pharmacy-manufacturing approach Quickly and cost-effectively start clinical testing with a fit-for-phase pharmacy preparation Manage CMC investment in dosage form development appropriately as a molecule progresses and key elements are de-risked Select an appropriate dosage form for the FIH trial that provides maximum dose flexibility to achieve Phase I objectives Evaluate different formulation options and select a lead system to move forward Develop and bridge to a solid oral drug product for patient trials within the same program of work Seamlessly start Phase II trials on time with immediate supply of clinical trial material Minimize the number of vendors and simplify the supply chain Manage quantities of API and drug product costs Loading... Take a look at our Miami, FL compounding pharmacy Located at our clinical pharmacology facility in Miami , Florida, our 2,500 ft 2 compounding pharmacy has been built to support rapid and cost-effective dose preparations, including oral solutions, suspensions, drug or powder in capsule or bottle, and sterile preparations for parenteral delivery for both API and GMP intermediates. Built with the necessary International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 5 and 7 standards in place, our pharmacy meets United States Pharmacopeia (USP) 795, 797, and 800 compounding requirements to ensure both operator and patient safety for high-potency and high-risk molecules up to Performance-Based Level of Exposure Classification (PBLEC) 5. Rapidly go from FIH to POC trials Leverage our integrated services to simplify your outsourcing and advance a patient-friendly GMP drug product into POC trials as efficiently as possible. Our compounding pharmacy is fully integrated with our pharmaceutical development and GMP manufacturing facilities located in the US and UK. Contact Us Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/human-adme
Human ADME Studies | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Human ADME Studies How can I simplify the delivery of my Human ADME Study? Watch video Loading... Contact us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Human ADME Studies Simplifying study delivery while maximizing data output. Loading... A human mass balance/ADME study is required for New Drug Applications (NDA). Quotient Sciences is a leading provider of human ADME 14C radiolabeled studies. Download Whitepaper Human ADME know-how and regulatory expertise The goal of a human mass balance study is to understand how drugs are absorbed, metabolized, and excreted (AME) after dosing. This information is critical as it helps determine if any other clinical investigations might be necessary for a new drugs regulatory approval. Whether you're approaching the end of Phase II clinical development or planning for your regulatory submission, Quotient Sciences can help you simplify the delivery of your human ADME studies, whilst maximizing data output. We have the scientific expertise and operational know-how to design and deliver human ADME programs in preparation for New Drug Application (NDA), Marketing Authorization Application (MAA), and global regulatory filings. Synthesis-to-Clinic®: Integrated Human ADME Studies Quotient Sciences' Synthesis-to-Clinic® approach pulls all the necessary elements required for the completion of a human ADME program together into a single, integrated program of work. We drive efficient development and manufacturing of 14C drug products tailored to the specific requirements of your ADME program — including intravenous (IV) products to generate IV pharmacokinetic and absolute bioavailability data, where appropriate. Human ADME Studies: What our customers say We conducted a 14C human ADME study with Quotient Sciences… We were extremely satisfied with all aspects of the study, including project management, formulation development, manufacture, clinical conduct, and reporting. We would use Quotient Sciences again for this type of study. Oliver Schueller Senior Vice President , Kadmon, a Sanofi Company Our experts Iain Shaw is Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development at Quotient Sciences. Iain has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including more than 20 years of drug development experience and extensive experience with 14C human ADME studies. Meet Iain Our capabilities Our team of experts have extensive chemical and radiochemical knowledge and experience of isotopically labeling hundreds of molecular entities. Isotopic Labeling What's new in Human ADME? Human ADME, First-in-Human Delivering Human ADME Studies By: Iain Shaw Learn More Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Learn More Candidate Development, First-in-Human How to streamline the development of your molecule from candidate selection to first-in-human clinical testing By: Stephen Byard Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/cro
More than a CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact More than a CRO We are more than a traditional Contract Research Organization (CRO). Quotient Sciences provides integrated solutions for clinical outsourcing services in drug discovery and development. Contact Us Home CRO We cut through traditional silos. At Quotient Sciences, we are more than a traditional contract research organization (CRO). We provide our partners with one integrated solution for clinical outsourcing services in drug discovery and development. Innovation through integration Guided by principles and our manifesto we partner with you to accelerate your drug program Quotient Sciences are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator that partners with large pharmaceutical companies and smaller to medium-sized biotechs to move pharmaceutical research forward, rapidly. We are guided by our principles of Science, Agility, Culture. By working together and cutting through silos, ideas can become solutions, molecules can become cures, fast. Our Principles Our Manifesto Our unique offering We take small molecules and peptides from early candidates to drug products through integrated clinical research solutions that accelerate drug development. Our solutions such as our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform are designed to compress drug research and development timelines. Translational Pharmaceutics® is our own flagship drug development that integrates drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing activities. All with one purpose in mind, accelerate molecules through development. This saves our partners time and money in reaching key milestones quicker and more efficiently whilst at the same time, ensuring better decision-making and incredibly streamlined outsourcing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Integrated Programs Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Therapy Areas Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/drug-development/accelerate-your-path
Integrated Strategies for Accelerating from Discovery to IND | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrated Strategies for Accelerating from Discovery to IND Learn how Charles River and Quotient Sciences can help you accelerate your path to the clinic. Watch video Loading... Home Solutions What are your goals? Integrated Strategies for Accelerating from Discovery to IND Quotient Sciences and Charles River can help streamline your outsourcing. We know how challenging the early drug development roadmap can be. From discovery to preclinical IND, the uncertainty at this stage is immense. Collaborating with experienced service partners can help in the understanding of critical steps, their timing, and how to mitigate any risks along the way. Bringing over a century of collective experience to your program. Integrated services that help accelerate your path the clinic. Collaboration can help streamline the early drug development process while removing potential hurdles, allowing for a seamless transition from discovery into clinical development. Charles River and Quotient Sciences can help you accelerate your path to the clinic with an integrated offering that bridges molecules from early discovery to clinical proof of concept. In this webinar, learn how our integrated offering can help deliver the results you're looking for in your next program. Watch Webinar A full set of deliverables to get your molecule ready for the clinic. A tight integration of activities streamlines the outsourcing model and improves decision-making, problem-solving, and technology transfer. Combined, Charles River and Quotient Sciences bring to your program more than a century of experience in drug development and knowledge from our work on thousands of molecules across all stages of development. Charles River brings deep expertise in medicinal chemistry, biology, DMPK, early pharmaceutics, and non-clinical safety is coupled with Quotient Sciences' expertise in drug substance synthesis , drug product development and manufacturing, and clinical testing to create a solution under a single program of work. Industry Collaboration Introducing the Charles River and Quotient Sciences Collaboration By: Eleanor Row & Russell Scammell Read Blog Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/orphan-rare-diseases
Orphan Rare Diseases CRO:CDMO Services & Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Orphan Drugs & Rare Diseases How can I accelerate the development of my rare disease drug candidate? Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Solutions Orphan Drugs & Rare Diseases We help you give new hope to those who are affected by rare diseases. Loading... 400 million people around the world are affected by a rare disease. Half of those patients are children. In the United States alone, over 7,000 rare diseases affect more than 30 million people. The FDA has approved hundreds of drugs for rare diseases in the four decades since the Orphan Drug Act was signed into law in 1983. Still to this day, most rare diseases do not have FDA-approved treatments. Many difficulties remain in bringing new medicines for rare diseases to market, ranging from limited R&D budgets to challenging clinical recruitment. Accelerating the orphan drug development pathway The development of treatments to address unmet needs in rare disease is an area of our expertise. We have supported over 50 development programs for rare diseases in the past five years alone. Our extensive formulation development and clinical pharmacology expertise, coupled with our agile and flexible approach to clinical manufacturing and commercial manufacturing , make us your ideal partner to make a difference in patients' lives. Integrated capabilities and expertise for orphan drug development From pre-formulation and formulation development, through to clinical development and scale-up for commercial manufacturing, we provide an end-to-end solution for the development of orphan drug products. Our capabilities for orphan drug development include: Pre-formulation and API characterization Formulation and process development First-in-human clinical testing and acceleration into POC trials Bespoke clinical trial manufacturing and supply (Phase I-III) of drug products into patient trials Rapid scale-up and commercial manufacturing of low-volume products Download Whitepaper Articles & Publications, Dr. Paul Quigley, John McDermott DCAT Value Chain Insights - CDMO Roundtable: Managing Orphan Drug Projects Read More Our goal is to help you bring new rare disease treatments to market, fast. As a fully integrated drug development, clinical testing and manufacturing organization, Quotient Sciences addresses the challenges associated with orphan drug development. We are dedicated to accelerating the development of new drugs for patients around the world, providing individual services or fully integrated programs through our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® drug development platform. Contact us today to learn how we can help support the development and manufacturing needs of your orphan drug program. Contact Us Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development
Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Formulation Development Over 30 years of formulation development expertise, underpinned by biopharmaceutics, clinical data and knowledge. We can support your formulation development needs. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Tailored formulation development for your drug product. Loading... Quotient Sciences’ formulation teams have vast experience and a proven track record across an array of drug product formats for administration via oral, inhaled, topical, rectal and parenteral routes. We are trusted experts in formulation design. Download Info Sheet Over 30 years of formulation development expertise We have more than 30 years of experience developing a breadth of formulation services for small molecules and synthetic peptides, across a range of indications. With expertise in simple and complex dosage forms, we have formulated over 1,500 molecules. Dosage form development and manufacturing Our expertise across dosage forms includes capabilities for: Parenteral dosage forms Intravenous (IV) Intramuscular (IM) Subcutaneous (SC) Gels, ointments & creams dosage forms Rectal Topic Solid oral dosage forms API or formulated API in a bottle or capsule Immediate, modified, and sustained release tablets Multiparticulates, mini-tablets and granules Liquid filled capsules Orally disintegrating tablets (ODT) Oral & inhaled dosage forms Dry powders Solutions Suspensions Solubility-enhanced dosage forms Amorphous (Spray-dried, HME) dispersions Lipidic vehicles \- Self-emulsifying drug delivery systems (SEDDS) \- Self-micro emulsifying drug delivery systems (SMEDDS) Particle size reduction Complexation Your partner in formulation development Our track record in clinical research means we know what it takes to develop formulations across the full development pathway from preclinical to late stage. From fit-for-purpose preclinical and first-in-human (FIH) dosage forms to optimized drug products for late-stage development and market, we work with you to develop the most appropriate formulation based on the physicochemical and biopharmaceutics properties of your molecule. At a Glance A breadth of rapid formulation capabilities With over 30 years of experience, we provide full-service support for small molecule non-sterile programs, from dosage formulation development to GMP clinical trial manufacturing and commercial drug product supply. Identify and address critical formulation issues quickly We focus on delivering the most appropriate formulations, however complex, to expedite your clinical program. We support rapid progression to your first-in-human evaluation and ensure that your lead drug product can be seamlessly transitioned through development and scale-up. State-of-the-art, recently upgraded, US and UK facilities We have state-of-the-art, recently upgraded pharmaceutical development and clinical manufacturing facilities in the US and UK. Optimize the performance of your formulation We have completed more than 300 drug product formulation optimization programs, involving the clinical evaluation of more than 1,000 formulations. Our unique approach to drug product optimization saves time and increases the potential for success by facilitating decisions based on real-time clinical data. Over 30 years of experience in formulation development We have deep expertise in formulation development, built across more than 30 years and over 1,500 molecules developed. Support your formulation development from preclinical to late stage clinical evaluation Our innovative approach to formulation development is based on our proven track record in early clinical evaluation delivering phase-appropriate formulations across the product development pathway from preclinical to late-stage development. Formulation Development Services Explore our services and programs for small molecule & peptide drug development. Formulation Design Access formulation design expertise in a variety of drug product formats. Learn More Preformulation Screening Access our characterization techniques that speed your molecule's development. Learn More Formulation Optimization Rapid formulation optimization saves time & can increase the potential for success. Learn More Analytical Services How do I ensure the performance of my drug product? Learn More Solubility Enhancement Overcome solubility challenges with your molecule. Learn More First-In-Human How do I select the most appropriate first-in-human formulation? Learn More Modified Release Optimize your modified-release formulations. Learn More Pediatric Development Customized pediatric dosage form solutions. Learn More Gamma Scintigraphy How do I design and conduct my scintigraphic studies? Learn More Inhaled Development Developing an inhaled drug product? Learn More Spray Drying Improving the bioavailability of poorly soluble compounds. Learn More Biopharmaceutics & Pharmacokinetics Overcoming sub-optimal challenges for small molecules and accelerating early drug development. Learn More What's new in Formulation Development? Inhalation, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized from Amorphous API in a Low-Dose Dry Powder Formulation Used for Inhalation Learn More Formulation Development, Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Learn More Pediatrics, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology
Clinical Pharmacology | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Clinical Pharmacology Integrated first-in-human and clinical pharmacology programs that help you make critical decisions earlier. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Integrated, seamless studies. Partner with us to develop your integrated early drug development program When you are looking for a partner who is dedicated to Phase I trials and early drug development, rely on us. We accelerate your molecule from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) , helping you make critical decisions earlier. For any clinical pharmacology study you require, you can expect a fully integrated program , from study design to data reporting. Contact us today and learn how you can leverage our expertise from more than 1,300 Phase I studies completed to benefit your next program. Get Started At a Glance Proven track record spanning over 30 years Our experience spans more than 30 years and 1,300 Phase I studies, including FIH (SAD/ MAD), DDI, TQT, bioavailability, food effect, and 14C ADME studies. Ability to rapidly recruit large groups of volunteers Accelerate your study startup at our clinical units in Miami (U.S.) and Nottingham (U.K.) with industry-leading IRB/EC and CTA approval timelines. In addition, 99 percent of our studies start on time, 98 percent enroll with full cohorts, and 99 percent of our subjects are retained throughout. If you need to access a challenging healthy volunteer population for your study, we rapidly recruit large cohorts of volunteers. More than 1,300 Phase I studies completed Leverage our experience in all dosage forms, and save time with our strategic approach. For over 30 years, our drug product teams have helped formulate compounds and develop scalable drug products to transition customers from Phase I into Phase II patient trials and beyond. Integrated first-in-human and clinical pharmacology programs Our fully integrated programs are led by experienced project managers alongside industry-leading Phase I medical directors who are experts in first-in-human (FIH) and drug-drug interaction (DDI) and thorough QT (TQT) studies. Accelerate your molecule from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) We accelerate your molecule from first-in-human to proof-of-concept, helping you make critical decisions earlier. How? Our in-house data sciences team rapidly delivers clinical data and insights to move you on to the next milestone as fast as possible. Experience and Study Types Over 30 years of expertise to seamlessly deliver your studies with the highest quality service and speed. FIH (single ascending dose [SAD]/multiple ascending dose [MAD]) Relative bioavailability/ pharmacokinetics Drug-drug interaction (DDI) Food effect Thorough QT (TQT)/cardiac safety Bioequivalence Biosimilars 14 C ADME/mass balance Isotopic labeling Gamma scintigraphy POC Pharmacodynamics/biomarkers Japanese bridging Dedicated to the success of your Phase I study We deliver full-service programs on time, within budget, and to the highest quality to meet your rigorous requirements and those of the regulatory agencies. Our purpose-built Phase I units are located in Miami, FL and Nottingham, UK and are UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)- and US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-inspected. Our global capacity of 229 beds and database of more than 25,000 healthy volunteers who can be recruited to participate in your trial. Your dedicated early-phase project manager will provide you with a customized service and third-party management/oversight, and work with our experienced team of physicians and investigators to deliver your program. Learn more about our approach to project management. Access to special populations for your Phase I trial We have a database of more than 25,000 healthy volunteers and can help you also recruit the right groups to meet the needs of your program. Ages 65 and older Post-menopausal Male and female infertility Hypertensive Type II diabetics Asthma Allergic rhinitis Obese Healthy smokers Gastrointestinal diseases Japanese Benefit from dedicated study resources We have the experience and expertise to seamlessly deliver your studies with the highest quality service and speed. If you need a fully integrated solution, including data management, data analysis, statistics, and medical writing, Quotient Sciences is your answer . Clinical pharmacology expertise, including FIH (SAD/MAD), DDI, food effect, and ADME experience Experienced project managers- guiding your study to successful on-time delivery, within budget and to the highest quality On-site pharmacy compounding and integrated real-time adaptive Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing Formulation development for all dosage forms, including oral solutions and suspensions, capsules and tablets, sterile preparations (intravenous [IV] and subcutaneous [SC]), inhaled and nasal devices, topical creams and gels Early-phase data sciences group providing full-service data management, statistics, and medical writing Regulatory support to ensure a seamless FDA or MHRA submission and approval process for clinical trial applications Clinical Pharmacology Facilities Miami, USA Over 650 Phase I clinical studies completed 144-bed clinical unit with dedicated FIH wards On-site pharmacy , with clean rooms for aseptic products 19,000 active healthy volunteers in our database Recruitment for special subject populations Spotlight on Miami Facility Details Nottingham, UK Over 650 Phase I studies completed Clinical unit with a dedicated 14 C ADME ward and laboratory On-site pharmaceutical laboratories and GMP manufacturing 7,000 active healthy volunteers in our database 45 Phase I CTA submissions annually (more than any other UK unit) Spotlight on Nottingham Facility Details What's new in Clinical Pharmacology? Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism, and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects Learn More Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Learn More Drug Substance, Clinical Pharmacology Innovation Spotlight: Will Psychedelics Revolutionize the Treatment of Mental Illnesses? By: Emilie Bergström Learn More Explore Additional Services from Quotient Sciences Isotopic Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Learn More First in human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) Accelerating molecules to POC. Learn More Human ADME Studies How can we simplify the delivery of your human ADME study? Learn More Regulatory Affairs How do we ensure your high-quality regulatory submissions? Learn More Modeling and Simulation We help pinpoint the question you need to answer and identify the data you need to collect to enhance your clinical development program. Learn More Integrated Pharmacy Compounding and GMP Manufacturing We help you accelerate through to first-in-human testing and seamlessly supply drug product into your clinical trials. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-trial-manufacturing
Clinical Trial Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Clinical Trial Manufacturing Tailored to meet the needs of clinical trial design and clinical manufacturing, focused on producing drugs for use in clinical research. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Trial Manufacturing Real-time clinical manufacturing and supply. Loading... Understanding that early-phase clinical testing is a pivotal milestone in the development of your drug product, Quotient Sciences offers clinical trial manufacturing, testing, and certification services designed to meet your individual requirements. We are focused on producing drug product for use in clinical studies Our innovative method of building integrated Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) and Good Clinical Practice (GCP) programs provides a streamlined, flexible approach to drug product supply that reflects your clinical study design and timeline. At a Glance Flexible, on demand clinical manufacturing We use a variety of clinical manufacturing approaches to make only the product you need, flexible on demand. This is real-time adaptive manufacturing. Tailored clinical manufacturing, to your program Tailor clinical manufacturing, packaging, and clinical trial supplies to reflect your clinical trial design. Reduce your clinical trial costs and timelines Improve your clinical trial cost efficiency by reducing drug substance and drug product waste. On-demand high potency manufacturing Leverage our expertise in high-potency handling and manufacturing to make your product on-demand. Rapid clinical trial design and scale-up Move rapidly through clinical trial design and development to have the capability to efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes. Leverage our expertise to move rapidly through clinical trial design What can Quotient Sciences’ clinical trial manufacturing do for me? We understand the time and cost pressures you face during early-phase evaluation and work with you to ensure a rapid, seamless path from development to clinical trial supply. We can help you move rapidly through clinical trial design and development to have built the capability to efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes to meet the demands of global clinical and patient supply requirements. Dosage Forms We offer clinical manufacturing and testing services for all major dosage forms, including: Solutions and suspensions Drug or blend in bottle Drug or blend in capsule Immediate-, sustained-, and modified-release tablets Solubilized formulations, including amorphous (spray-dried and hot melt extrusion [HME]) dispersions, micronized and lipidic formulations Gels, creams, and ointments Delivery Routes We have extensive experience of developing and manufacturing drug products intended for all major routes of delivery: Oral (solid and liquid forms) Inhaled (pulmonary, nasal) Topical Rectal Parenteral Phase I, II, III Clinical Manufacturing We support all aspects of your drug product supply for Phase I, II, and III clinical studies: Manufacture of all major drug product dosage forms in our US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)- and UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)-approved facilities Packaging, including bottles, blisters, and tubs Multi-language label design (including translation) Post-study drug return and reconciliation Randomization and blinding Schedule I–IV controlled substance handling Shipment logistics and supply tracking Storage and distribution capabilities (ambient, refrigerated, and frozen) Supply chain management to the clinical site Aseptic Manufacturing of Parenteral Drug Product We have over 30 years of experience in the development of parenteral drug products, from candidate development to clinical manufacturing via aseptic filtration techniques. To find out more about our aseptic manufacturing capabilities, click the link below. Aseptic Manufacturing Real-Time Adaptive Manufacturing Quotient Sciences' history and expertise in integrating manufacturing with clinical dosing enables us to manufacture, package, and release products in a matter of days or weeks rather than months. Combined with bright-stock and just-in-time (JIT) approaches, we maximize flexibility around batch size and timing supply to your selected site in response to emerging clinical data or patient recruitment — without affecting the availability of your drug product. Global Clinical Trial Supplies Quotient Sciences can ease the headache of global product supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. We’ll develop and manufacture your drug product, then seamlessly integrate a flexible packaging, labeling, and distribution strategy that's tailored to your clinical trial. Clinical Trial Supplies Clinical Trial Manufacturing: What our customers say "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals Clinical Trial Manufacturing Services Find out more about our GMP clinical trial manufacturing services that will meet your supply needs for investigational medicinal product (IMP) or investigational new drugs (IND) for global clinical trials. Aseptic Manufacturing Our innovative approach enables rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration. Learn More Global Clinical Trial Supplies We can facilitate global clinical trial supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. Our clinical trial supply team works with you ... Learn More High Potency APIs (HPAPIs) Handling Our global facilities are configured with the necessary controls required for the handling and processing of highly potent molecules. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/commercial-manufacturing
Commercial Drug Manufacturing Services | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Commercial Manufacturing Speed-to-market is crucial, but it should never come at the expense of drug product quality. Find out about our tech-transfer, scale-up and commercial manufacturing services. Watch video Loading... Scale-Up and Tech-Transfer Home What We Do Tailored Services Commercial Manufacturing Tailored to your specific drug product and market needs. Loading... Scale up and accelerating to market is crucial, but these should never come at the expense of drug product quality. As a global, trusted development and manufacturing partner, we recognizes that speed, flexibility, and agility are essential for establishing a successful commercial product supply chain. We specialize in providing comprehensive pharmaceutical commercial manufacturing that's tailored to your program's needs, without forsaking quality for speed. Download Info Sheet Decades of global commercial manufacturing experience brought to your program. We manufacture a range of simple to complex dosage forms, with a track record of working with higher-value products that may require lower batch sizes in the market, such as: Oncology therapies Orphan drugs/rare diseases Pediatric indications At a Glance Capabilities, quality, and experience dealing with HPAPIs Whether you need to manufacture a new commercial product or extend your commercial supply chain for an existing product, we have the experience and capabilities to help you overcome the challenges that highly potent APIs (HPAPIs) pose and minimize risk. We support all aspects of Phase III clinical & commercial supply We can support all aspects of your drug product supply for Phase III clinical studies and commercial supply. That includes the manufacture of all oral drug product dosage forms in our US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-, European Medicines Agency (EMA)-, and Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA)-approved facilities. Simple to transfer existing products and processes from another CDMO We have expertise across all key areas; development, analytical, manufacturing, quality, and regulatory. We will help to mitigate risks and can seamlessly transfer existing products and processes, minimizing risk. State-of-the-art, recently upgraded, US and UK facilities We have state-of-the-art, recently upgraded pharmaceutical development and clinical manufacturing facilities in the US and UK. Unique integration offers rapid technology transfer and scale-up Our unique integrated approach makes it seamless to transfer technology from lab scale to pilot scale to commercial manufacturing. We can easily transfer existing products and processes from another contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO). We are a trusted partner in transitioning life-saving medicines to patients. Fast. Commercial manufacturing batch size capabilities For commercial manufacturing of oral solid dose forms, we can support quantities from less than 1 kg to over 500 kg. In addition to manufacturing products for New Drug Application (NDA), Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA), Marketing Authorization Application (MAA), and Japanese New Drug Application (JNDA) registration, the Quotient Sciences team can also support 505(b)(2) and CBE-30 filings. Process validation and registration batches Whether you are preparing for NDA, ANDA, MAA, or JNDA, Quotient Sciences has the expertise and regulatory approval to manufacture your validation and registration batches for the US, the UK, Europe, Brazil, and Japan. Phase III and commercial drug product supply We can support all aspects of your drug product supply for Phase III clinical studies and commercial supply. Manufacture of all oral drug product dosage forms in our US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-, European Medicines Agency (EMA)-, and Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA)-approved facilities Packaging including bottles, blisters, and tubs Dosage forms We have vast experience across an array of dosage forms. Manufacturing for registration batches and commercial supply includes; solid oral dosage forms and oral solutions and suspensions Project Management Project management Quotient Sciences Project Management has over 30 years of experience in supporting drug programs that are in late-stage development and commercial. Our project managers will ensure your commercial readiness by providing end-to-end support, from concept and project scoping to project delivery. Where projects transition across our sites, or intersect with other service providers, we will make the process seamless for you. Technology transfer and scale-up Technology transfer and scale-up both require a high degree of cross-functional integration. We have expertise across all key areas: development, analytical, manufacturing, quality, and regulatory. We can help you mitigate risks and seamlessly advance projects through their development. Learn More High-potency handling Whether you need to manufacture a new commercial product or extend your commercial supply chain for an existing product, we have the capabilities, quality, and experience to help you achieve your goals and overcome the challenges that arise with high-potency active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs) Learn More Commercial Manufacturing Services Scale-Up and Tech-Transfer We can seamlessly advance projects into the later stages of development. Learn More High Potency Commercial Manufacturing We can overcome the commercial manufacturing challenges that arise with HPAPIs. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/integrated-programs
Integrated Drug Development Programs | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrated Programs enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerating development to get your molecules to patients. Fast. Contact Us Turnkey solutions for accelerating drug development. We integrate solutions that you would typically find when outsourcing to multiple contract manufacturing and research companies. Leverage one organization, Quotient Sciences, to streamline and accelerate your drug program. Streamline how you bring your molecule to market. Our integrated capabilities help advance molecules across the full development cycle, shortening the time it takes to bring new treatments to market. We provide pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization, first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services to support your drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Learn More Early Development Accelerating molecules through to proof-of-concept. Learn More Late Development Accelerating products from proof-of-concept (POC) through to commercial manufacture. Learn More Your partner to bring new treatments to market. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we have worked with countless companies across the pharmaceutical industry over the last 30 years. Speak with one of our experts to learn more about our capabilities and how we can help you reach your program's milestones. Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/formulation-design
Formulation Design Services | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Formulation Design Access formulation design expertise in a variety of drug product formats. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Formulation Design Leverage over 30 years of formulation design expertise. Quotient Sciences’ formulation teams have vast experience and a proven track record across an array of drug product formats for administration via oral, inhaled, topical, rectal and parenteral routes. We are trusted experts in formulation design. We have formulated over 1,500 molecules at all development stages Our approach for formulation design and development has been validated by our experience with over 1,500 molecules at all stages of drug development for our global customers needs. Drug product formats for administration Solid oral dosage forms API or formulated API in a bottle or capsule Immediate, modified, and sustained release tablets Multiparticulates, mini-tablets and granules Liquid filled capsules Orally disintegrating tablets (ODT) Oral & inhaled dosage forms Dry powders Solutions Suspensions Solubility-enhanced dosage forms Amorphous (Spray-dried, HME) dispersions Lipidic vehicles \- Self-emulsifying drug delivery systems (SEDDS) \- Self-micro emulsifying drug delivery systems (SMEDDS) Particle size reduction Complexation Parenterals Intravenous (IV) Intramuscular (IM) Subcutaneous (SC) Gels, ointments & creams Topical Rectal Go further with Quotient Sciences Aseptic Manufacturing Rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration. Learn More Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/formulation-optimization
Rapid Formulation Optimization | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Rapid Formulation Optimization Increase your drug product's potential for success Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Formulation Optimization Leverage our expertise to optimize your drug product formulation. Fast. More and more, emerging drugs have suboptimal properties that require formulation optimization to achieve their full potential. Leverage our decades of formulation of expertise and our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for integrated drug development to manufacture, test, and optimize new formulations, fast. Why Translational Pharmaceutics® can make a difference to your formulation development Translational Pharmaceutics ® can be applied to design, manufacture, and optimize new formulations based on emerging clinical data. This innovative approach of combining rapid formulation development and clinical testing is designed to accelerate formulation optimization and overcome the challenges of conventional development methods. Additionally, Translational Pharmaceutics ® allows for the unique inclusion of a formulation design space in initial regulatory submissions and clinical protocols. This means we can provide you with the flexibility to optimize the composition of critical-to-performance excipients and dosage strengths relative to clinical performance. Tailored to your needs Our team works with you to design a customized program to deliver your objectives in the most timely and cost-efficient way. We can apply Translational Pharmaceutics ® to reformulation efforts for new chemical entities, as well as during life cycle management of existing drugs, to help you: Save time by reducing the CMC data package needed for your clinical assessments Maximize flexibility by allowing you to fine-tune formulation compositions Increase potential for success by facilitating decisions based on clinical data Conserve valuable API by moving drug product scale-up from the critical path Support for your formulation challenges For over 15 years, we've leveraged our expertise in formulation development to help customers optimize their most challenging molecules. Evaluation and selection of solubilization technologies Optimization of modified release systems Improvement of taste, palatability and acceptability Development of combination products or changed routes of delivery Understanding quality by design of product and process variables Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/node/438
Integrated first-in-human and clinical pharmacology programs | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrated first-in-human and clinical pharmacology programs Our fully integrated programs are led by experienced project managers alongside industry-leading Phase I medical directors who are experts in first-in-human (FIH) and drug-drug interaction (DDI) and thorough QT (TQT) studies. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/node/68
Integrated Programs | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Main navigation Card Subheading Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Card Link Integrated Programs Card Image Image Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/cookies
Cookies Policy | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Cookies Policy Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Cookies Policy Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. We use the following cookies: Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services. Analytical and performance cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies. From our website, you may also choose to opt out of cookies or adjust your preferences using the consent banner at any time. You may also adjust your web browser settings to block cookies. If you choose to do either of these, you may not be able to access all or parts of our website. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/privacy
Privacy Policy | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Privacy Policy Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Quotient Sciences respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. View our privacy notice to better understand how we look after your personal data when you visit our website and learn about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. A-H176 Quotient Sciences Privacy Notice INTRODUCTION Welcome to Quotient Sciences’ privacy notice. Quotient respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. This privacy notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some terms used in this privacy notice. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS DATA SECURITY DATA RETENTION YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS GLOSSARY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CANDIDATES WHO APPLY TO WORK FOR QUOTIENT 1\. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY NOTICE This privacy notice aims to give you information on how Quotient collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to for newsletters and information, enquire about a service, or participate in a competition or survey. It also provides information about how Quotient collects and processes your personal data if you apply to work for Quotient – see the final sections of this privacy notice for details. Please note if you use our volunteer website www.weneedyou.co.uk then separate terms apply which can be found on that site. This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children. You should read this privacy notice with our Terms of Website Use and any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so you know how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them. CONTROLLER Quotient Sciences Limited is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively called ”Quotient”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice). We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who oversees questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below. CONTACT DETAILS Our full details are: Full name of legal entity: Quotient Sciences Limited Email address: dpo@quotientsciences.com Postal address: Data Protection Officer, Quotient Sciences Trent House, Mere Way, Ruddington Fields Business Park, Ruddington, Nottingham, NG11 6JS. You may make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues ( www.ico.org.uk ). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES This version was last updated on 22nd May 2023 and historic versions can be obtained by contacting us. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. THIRD-PARTY LINKS This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit. 2\. THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data). We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows: Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, title, date of birth and gender. Contact Data includes address, email address and telephone numbers. Transaction Data includes details about enquiries and communications to and from you and other details of services you have purchased or discussed with us. Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website. Profile Data includes purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses. Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services. Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences. We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice. We collect no Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences. IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with services). In this case, we may have to cancel a service you have with us but we will notify you if so. 3\. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED? We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through: Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity and Contact Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you: enquire about or apply for our services; subscribe to view our webinars or download a website resource; request marketing to be sent to you; provide us with your business card at a promotional event; enter a competition, promotion, survey or use our website ‘Ask the Expert’ feature; use the chat feature on our website; or give us some feedback. Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our Cookie Policy for further details. Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below: Technical Data from the parties such as analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU; Contact, and Transaction Data from providers of technical and delivery services; and Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators such as Pardot and Zymewire. 4\. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in these circumstances: Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you. Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. Click here to discover more about the lawful basis we will rely on to process your personal data. Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message or by our use of cookies which is detailed in our Cookie Policy . You may withdraw consent to marketing at any time by Contacting Us . PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. Note we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please Contact Us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below. Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest Performance of a contract with you (a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation (c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our services) (a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our services, to develop them and grow our business) (a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise) (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our services and grow our business) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to fill vacancies within the organisation) MARKETING We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We only send marketing information to Corporate Subscribers, never to consumer. As a Corporate Subscriber you will always receive the option to unsubscribe from any marketing communications from us in any communication we send, or you can Contact Us to do so. PROMOTIONAL OFFERS FROM US We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing). You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition, registered for a promotion or participated in a webinar and in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing. THIRD-PARTY MARKETING We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the Quotient group of companies for marketing. OPTING OUT You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by Contact Us at any time. Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of service purchase, service experience or other transaction. COOKIES You can choose to opt in or out of cookies using the cookie consent tool. If you opt out of cookies, some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see Cookie Policy . CHANGE OF PURPOSE We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please Contact Us . If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law. 5\. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above. Internal Third Parties as set out in the Glossary. External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary. Specific third parties such as with: Salesforce who host our customer relationship management database and are based outside of the EEA, which enables us to record our interactions with our customers. Dotmailer who host our email marketing platform and are based inside the EEA. Third parties to whom we may sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. We may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice. We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it under the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and under our instructions. 6\. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS We share your personal data within the Quotient Group. This will involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to the USA. Many of our external third parties are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA. Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of these safeguards is implemented: We will only transfer your personal data to countries deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries . Or by the UK Secretary of State in furtherance of UK GDPR. Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries . Where the adequacy decision originates from the UK, we may use the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement to agree the same protection of personal data. Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if we’ve put into place appropriate safeguards and having undertaken a risk assessment, we are satisfied the level of protection is essentially equivalent to that under the UK data protection regime. Please Contact Us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK. 7\. DATA SECURITY We have put in place security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties with a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so. 8\. DATA RETENTION HOW LONG WILL YOU USE MY PERSONAL DATA FOR? We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including to satisfy any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by Contacting Us. Sometimes you can ask us to delete your data: see Request erasure below for further information. Sometimes we may anonymise your personal data (so it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. 9\. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to discover more about these rights: Request access to your personal data. Request correction of your personal data . Request erasure of your personal data . Object to processing of your personal data . Request restriction of processing your personal data . Request transfer of your personal data . Right to withdraw consent . If you wish to exercise the rights set out above, please Contact Us . NO FEE USUALLY REQUIRED You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. WHAT WE MAY NEED FROM YOU We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. TIME LIMIT TO RESPOND We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is complex or you have made several requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. GLOSSARY LAWFUL BASIS Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you regarding specific activities by Contacting Us . Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract. Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation we are subject to. THIRD PARTIES INTERNAL THIRD PARTIES Other companies in the Quotient Group acting as processors and who are based in the USA and provide IT and system administration services, scientific support, undertake leadership reporting and assist or supervise on projects. EXTERNAL THIRD PARTIES Service providers acting as processors based in the USA who provide IT and system administration services, including Drift who provide the chat functionality on our website. Professional advisers acting as processors including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the EEA and the USA who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services. HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS You have the right to: Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check we are lawfully processing it. Request correction of the personal data we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You may also ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we must erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You may also object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. Sometimes, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms. Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in these scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if so when you withdraw your consent. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CANDIDATES WHO APPLY TO WORK FOR QUOTIENT THE KIND OF INFORMATION WE HOLD ABOUT YOU With your application for work with us, we will collect, store, and use these categories of personal information about you: The information you have provided to us in your curriculum vitae and covering letter. The information you have provided on our application form, including name, title, address, telephone number, personal email address, date of birth, gender, employment history, qualifications, right to work documentation (including your passport or ID document). Any information you provide to us during an interview or as part of any test or assessment which you conduct as part of the recruitment process. We may also collect, store and use the following “special categories” of more sensitive personal information: Information about your race or ethnicity. Information about your health, including any medical condition, health and sickness records. Information about criminal convictions and offences. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED? We collect personal information about candidates from the following sources: You, the candidate. any recruitment agency you may have used. Your named referees. HOW WE WILL USE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU We will use the personal information we collect about you to: Assess your skills, qualifications, and suitability for the role. Carry out background and reference checks, where applicable. Communicate with you about the recruitment process. Keep records related to our hiring processes. Comply with legal or regulatory requirements. It is in our legitimate interests to decide whether to appoint you to a role since it would be beneficial to our business to appoint someone to that role. We also need to process your personal information to decide whether to contract with you. Having received your CV and covering letter or your application form we will then process that information to decide whether you meet the basic requirements to be shortlisted for the role. If you do, we will decide whether your application is strong enough to invite you for an interview. If we call you for an interview, we will use the information you provide to us at the interview to decide whether to offer you the role. If we offer you the role, we will then take up before confirming your appointment. If you fail to provide personal information If you fail to provide information when requested, which is necessary for us to consider your application (such as evidence of qualifications or work history), we cannot process your application successfully. For example, if we require references for this role and you fail to provide us with details, we cannot take your application further. HOW WE USE PARTICULARLY SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION We will use your particularly sensitive personal information in these ways: We will use information about your disability status to consider whether we need to provide adjustments during the recruitment process, for example whether adjustments need to be made during a test or interview. We will use information about your race or national or ethnic origin to ensure meaningful equal opportunity monitoring and reporting. INFORMATION ABOUT CRIMINAL CONVICTIONS We will request information about your criminal convictions history if we would like to offer you the role (conditional on checks and any other conditions, such as references, being satisfactory). We have in place safeguards when processing such data. AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING You will not be subject to decisions that will have a significant impact on you based solely on automated decision-making. DATA SHARING Why might you share my personal information with third parties? We will only share your personal information with these third parties to process your application: other Quotient group companies, any recruitment company you apply to us through and the third party provider of our recruitment database 3D MarComms Limited. All our third-party service providers and other entities in the group must take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in line with our policies. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and under our instructions. Sometimes we need to share your health information with an occupational health organisation to help us in assessing your suitability for a role, or how we can make appropriate adjustments to consider a health condition you may have. Before we share such information we will get your explicit consent. DATA RETENTION How long will you use my information for? We will retain your personal information for a period of up to 21 months after we have communicated to you our decision about whether to appoint you to the role. We retain your personal information so we can show, if a legal claim occurs, that we have not discriminated against candidates on prohibited grounds and that we have conducted the recruitment exercise in a fair and transparent way, or if another opportunity arises for which you think you may be suitable. After this period, we will securely destroy your personal information in accordance with our retention policy. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/terms-website-use
Terms of Website Use | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Terms of Website Use Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Terms of Website Use PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE These terms tell you the rules for using our website www.quotientsciences.com (our site). Please note if you use our volunteer website www.weneedyou.co.uk then separate terms apply which can be found on that site. WHO WE ARE AND HOW TO CONTACT US www.quotientsciences.com is a site operated by Quotient Sciences Limited (”We”). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 05221615 and have our registered office at Trent House Mere Way, Ruddington Fields Business Park, Ruddington, Nottingham, NG11 6JS, England. To contact us, please telephone our customer service line on +44 115 974 9000. BY USING OUR SITE YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site. We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference. THERE ARE OTHER TERMS THAT MAY APPLY TO YOU These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site: • Our Privacy Policy , which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate. • Our Cookie Policy , which sets out information about the cookies on our site. WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO THESE TERMS We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time. These terms were most recently updated on 21.12.2017. WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO OUR SITE We may update and change our site from time to time to reflect our users’ needs and our business priorities. WE MAY SUSPEND OR WITHDRAW OUR SITE Our site is made available free of charge. We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them. Our site is directed to people residing in the United Kingdom. We do not represent that content available on or through our site is appropriate for use or available in other locations. HOW YOU MAY USE MATERIAL ON OUR SITE We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged. You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors. If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. PROHIBITED USES You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site: • In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation. • In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect. • To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware. You also agree: • Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the other provisions of these terms of website use. • Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt: • any part of our site; • any equipment or network on which our site is stored; • any software used in the provision of our site; or • any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party. BREACH OF THIS POLICY When we consider that a breach of this acceptable use policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate. Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of these terms upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions: • Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site. • Issue of a warning to you. • Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach. • Further legal action against you. • Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary or as required by law. We exclude our liability for all action we may take in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The actions we may take are not limited to those described above, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate. DO NOT RELY ON INFORMATION ON THIS SITE The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR WEBSITES WE LINK TO Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. OUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE SUFFERED BY YOU Whether you are a consumer or a business user: We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation. If you are a business user: • We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it. • We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with: • use of, or inability to use, our site; or • use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site. • In particular, we will not be liable for: • loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue; • business interruption; • loss of anticipated savings; • loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or • any indirect or consequential loss or damage. If you are a consumer user: Please note that we only provide our site for business use. You agree not to use our site for any domestic and private use, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR VIRUSES AND YOU MUST NOT INTRODUCE THEM We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software. You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately. RULES ABOUT LINKING TO OUR SITE You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you. Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page . We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in these terms. If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact us at: Chief Compliance Officer, Trent House Mere Way, Ruddington Fields Business Park, Ruddington, Nottingham, NG11 6JS, England. WHICH COUNTRY’S LAWS APPLY TO ANY DISPUTES? If you are a business, these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/modern-slavery-statement
http://www.quotientsciences.com/sites/default/files/2024-04/QS%20Modern%20Slavery%20Statement%202024.pdf



 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/modern-slavery-statement
Modern Slavery Statement | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Modern Slavery Statement Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Modern Slavery Statement To read our Modern Slavery Statement, click here . Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/gender-pay-statement
http://www.quotientsciences.com/sites/default/files/2024-04/Gender%20Pay%20Gap%20Website%20Notice%202024.pdf
      2023 Gender Pay Gap Reporting     I am pleased to report the data for Quotient Sciences’ gender pay gap reporting.   Quotient Sciences operates through 5 different trading companies. Under the regulations only  those companies which are based in the UK and have 250 or more employees must report  their gender pay gap data.   For Quotient that means the gender pay gap data reflects employees who work for Quotient  Sciences Limited, who are primarily based at our Nottingham, Edinburgh and Reading  locations.   The Gender Pay Gap and Equal Pay   The gender pay gap shows the difference in average pay between women and men,  regardless of their role.   This is different to equal pay, which requires that women and men who do the same or similar  jobs, or work of equal value, are paid equally. We ensure that our approach to pay is gender  neutral which means that men and women who do equivalent jobs are paid equally.   Gender Pay Gap Reporting   This report shows the mean and median pay and bonus gender pay gaps, the proportion of  males and females receiving a bonus, and the proportion of males and females in the  employee population and each of our pay quartiles.   The median and mean averages illustrate different aspects of pay distribution across the  company.   We are also reporting our pay quartiles split by gender, ranking our employees from lowest to  highest paid, then splitting into four equal bands.   The proportion of employees receiving a bonus shows the proportion of men and women that  received a bonus or commission payment in the reporting period.   Reporting Period   The data for the 202 4 gender pay gap report covers the following pay periods:   • Hourly pay data for the mean and median gender pay gap and pay quartiles is based  upon pay received for the relevant period as of 5th April 202 3.    • Bonus pay data for the mean and median gender bonus gap is based upon pay  received between 6th April 20 22 to 5th April 202 3.  For the purposes of the creating the gender and bonus pay gap data, c olleagues are labelled  as their affirmed gender.             Our 2023 Data at a Glance                        When comparing average hourly wages (mean), women receive 93p for every £1 that  men receive.                     When comparing average hourly wages (median), women receive 95p for every £1 that  men receive.                    4.6%  Mean Gender Pay Gap   7.0%  Median Gender Pay Gap   96p 97p 97p 98p 92p 98p £1  2017         2018           2019          2020           2021          2022   2023           2023  95p 2017          2018            2019           2020            2021         2022     2023          2023  £1   93p 89p 85p 88p 85p 87p 84p       Mean hourly pay gap   The mean is the average. It gives a good indication of the gender pay gap but may be  distorted by high or low pay rates or bonuses/commissions.   In 2023, women’s mean hourly rate is 7.0% lower than that for men.   This has decreased by an overall 9.3% since we began reporting in 2017 .   It is our lowest mean gender pay gap reported to date.     Median hourly pay gap   The median is the mid -point of the figures.  It means taking all pay and  bonuses/commissions, lining them up from  highest to lowest, and picking the one in  the middle. The median indicates what the  ‘typical’ is, i.e., the middle of the company,  and is not distorted by high or low pay  rates or bonuses/commissions.   Women’s median hourly rate is 4.6% lower  than that for men.   Our median pay gap remains lower than  the national average, which is estimated to  be 14. 3% lower for women in 202 31.  Pay Quartiles   At the snapshot date, there were a total of 6 44 colleagues. 3 80 of these were women  (59.0%) and 2 64 were men ( 41.0%).   %    Women  Men  Lower Quartile  64.0%  36.0%   Lower -Middle Quartile  57.8%  42.2%   Upper -Middle Quartile  58.4%  41.6%   Upper Quartile  55.9%  44.1%     Bonus Gap   Mean bonus pay gap – Women’s mean bonus pay is 27.4% lower than that for men.   Median bonus pay gap  – Women’s median bonus pay is 0.0% lower than that for men.   For the total population 77.2% of women and 80.8% of men received a bonus.   The median bonus pay gap has decreased by an overall 27.6% since we began reporting  in 2017 and is our lowest mean bonus pay gap reported to date.    18,4% 17,8% 17,4% 14,9% 15,1% 14,4% 14,3% 4,5%2,7%3,5%1,7%7,7% 2,5%4,6% 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023Median Pay Gap National Quotient        Our Approach to Pay  At Quotient we are committed to diversity , equity,  and inclusion, which includes  promoting  gender equality.   Whilst Quotient’s numbers are generally better than the UK average,  we do acknowledge that  there is still more work to be done  in achiev ing gender pay parity.   The decrease in the mean gender pay gap i s due to an increase in the upper quartile .  The  increase in the median gender pay gap is due to an increase in the lower -middle quartile and  decrease in the upper -middle quartile.  However , having considered the numbers carefully , we  recognise that the reason for our gender pay gap is  still largely reflective of:   • fewer women in the most senior and leadership roles that are more likely to pay more;  and  • fewer women in commercial or business development roles that are more likely to pay  a bonus/commission.   Through our  People  practices we offer all colleagues the same growth and development  opportunities within a positive, open,  and inclusive environment, regardless of gender, as well  as offering flexible working wherever possible.   We believe this helps colleagues of all genders progress their career at Quotient and reap the  financial rewards that career progression brings. However, we still feel we can do more and  are committed to continuing to take measures to reduce the gender pay gap in future.    I confirm that the figures in our disclosure are accurate and have been calculated in  accordance with gender pay gap reporting requirements as outlined in the legislation and  accompanying guidance.         Thierry Van Nieuwenhove   CEO, Quotient Sciences     March 202 4                1 Reference – Office of National Statistics Gender pay gap in the UK - Office for National  Statistics (ons.gov.uk)  


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/gender-pay-statement
http://www.quotientsciences.com/sites/default/files/2024-01/Gender_Pay_Gap_Website_Statement_2023.pdf
      2023 Gender Pay Gap Reporting     I am pleased to report the data for Quotient Sciences’ gender pay gap reporting.   Quotient Sciences operates through 5 different trading companies. Under the regulations only  those companies which are based in the UK and have 250 or more employees must report  their gender pay gap data.   For Quotient that means the gender pay gap data reflects employees who work for Quotie nt  Sciences Limited, who are primarily based at our Nottingham, Edinburgh and Reading  locations.   The Gender Pay Gap and Equal Pay   The gender pay gap shows the difference in average pay between women and men,  regardless of their role.   This is different to equal pay, which requires that women and men who do the same or similar  jobs, or work of equal value, are paid equally. We ensure that our approach to pay is gender  neutral which means that men and women who do equivalent jobs are paid equally.   Gender Pay Gap Reporting   This report shows the mean and median pay and bonus gender pay gaps, the proportion of  males and females receiving a  bonus, and the proportion of males and females in the  employee population and each of our pay quartiles.   The median and mean averages illustrate different aspects of pay distribution across the  company.   We are also reporting our pay quartiles split by g ender, ranking our employees from lowest to  highest paid, then splitting into four equal bands.   The proportion of employees receiving a bonus shows the proportion of men and women that  received a bonus or commission payment in the reporting period.   Reporting Period   The data for the 202 3 gender pay gap report covers the following pay periods:   • Hourly pay data for the mean and median gender pay gap and pay quartiles is based  upon pay received for the relevant period as of 5th April 202 2.    • Bonus pay data  for the mean and median gender bonus gap is based upon pay  received between 6th April 20 21 to 5th April 202 2.  For the purposes of the creating the gender and bonus pay gap data, c olleagues are labelled  as their affirmed gender.             Our 2022 Data at a Glance                        When comparing average hourly wages (median), women receive 98p for every £1 that  men receive.                        When comparing average hourly wages (mean), women receive 89p for every £1 that  men receive.                 10.6%   Mean Gender Pay Gap   2.5%   Median Gender Pay Gap   96p 97p 97p 98p 92p 98p £1  2017          2018            2019           2020             2021            2022           2022   2017          2018            2019           2020             2021            2022           2022  £1 84p 87p 85p 88p 85p 89p        Median hourly pay gap   The median is the mid -point of the  figures. It means taking all pay and  bonuses/commissions, lining them up  from highest to lowest, and picking  the one in the middle. The median  indicates what the ‘typical’ is, i.e., the  middle of the company, and is not  distorted by high or low pay rates or  bonuses/commissions.   Women’s median hourly rate is 2.5%  lower than that for men. This has  decreased by an overall 2.0% since  we began reporting in 2017.   Our median pay gap remains lower  than the national average, which is  estimated to be 1 4.9% lower for  women in 202 21.    Mean hourly pay gap   The mean is the average. It gives a good indication of the gender pay gap but may be distorted  by high or low pay rates or bonuses/commissions.   Women’s mean hourly rate  is 10.6%  lower than that for men. This has decreased by an  overall 5.7% since we began reporting in 2017.     Pay Quartiles   At the snapshot date, there were a total of 665 colleagues. 395 of these were women  (59.4%) and 270 were men  (40.6%) .   %    Women  Men  Lower Quartile  64.0%  36.0%   Lower -Middle Quartile  55.6%  44.4%   Upper -Middle Quartile  60.6%  39.4%   Upper Quartile  54.4%  45.6%     Bonus Gap   Median bonus pay gap  – Women’s median bonus pay is 16.7% lower than that for men.   Mean bonus pay gap – Women’s mean  bonus pay is 56.5% lower than that for men.   For the total population 40.5% of women and 42.6% of men received a bonus.    18.4%17.8% 17.4% 14.9% 15.4% 14.9% 4.5% 2.7%3.5% 1.7%7.7% 2.5% 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022Median Pay Gap National Quotient      Our Approach to Pay  At Quotient we are committed to diversity , equity,  and inclusion, which includes  promoting  gender equality.   Whilst Quotient’s numbers are generally better than the UK average,  we do acknowledge that  there is still more work to be done  in achiev ing gender pay parity.   The decrease in both the mean and median gender pay gap is due to an increase in women  in the upper -middle and upper quartiles. However, h aving considered the numbers carefully ,  we recognise that the reason for our gender pay gap is  still largely reflective of:   • fewer women in the most senior and leadership roles that are more likely to pay more;  and  • fewer women in commercial or business development roles that are more likely to pay  a bonus/commission.   Through our  People  practices we offer all colleagues the same growth and development  opportunities within a positive, open,  and inclusive environment, regardless of gender, as well  as offering flexible working wherever possible.   We believe this helps colleagues of all gend ers progress their career at Quotient and reap the  financial rewards that career progression brings. However, we still feel we can do more and  are committed to continuing to take measures to reduce the gender pay gap in future.    I confirm that the figures in our disclosure are accurate and have been calculated in  accordance with gender pay gap reporting requirements as outlined in the legislation and  accompanying guidance.         Mark Egerton   CEO, Quotient Sciences     March 202 3                1 Reference – Office of National Statistics Gender pay gap in the UK - Office for National  Statistics (ons.gov.uk)  


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/gender-pay-statement
http://www.quotientsciences.com/sites/default/files/2024-01/Gender_Pay_Gap_Website_Statement_2022.pdf
      2022 Gender Pay Gap Reporting     I am pleased to report the data for Quotient Sciences’ gender pay gap reporting.   Quotient Sciences operates through 5 different trading companies. Under the regulations only  those companies which are based in the UK and have 250 or more employees must report  their gender pay gap data.   For Quotient that means the gender pay gap data reflects employees who work for Quotie nt  Sciences Limited, who are primarily based at our Nottingham, Edinburgh and Reading  locations.     The Gender Pay Gap and Equal Pay   The gender pay gap shows the difference in average pay between women and men,  regardless of their role.   This is different to equal pay, which requires that women and men who do the same or similar  jobs, or work of equal value, are paid equally. We ensure that our approach to pay is gender  neutral which means that men and women who do equivalent jobs are paid equally.     Gender Pay Gap Reporting   This report shows the mean and median pay and bonus gender pay gaps, the proportion of  males and females receiving a bonus, and the proportion of males and females in the  employee population and each of our pay quartiles.   The median and mean averages illustrate different aspects of pay distribution across the  company.   The median is the mid -point of the figures. It means taking all pay and bonuses/commissions,  lining them up from highest to lowest, and picking the one in the middle. The median indicates  what the ‘typical’ is, i.e., the middle of the company, and is not d istorted by high or low pay  rates or bonuses/commissions.   The mean is the average. It gives a good indication of the gender pay gap but  may be distorted  by high or low pay rates or bonuses/commissions.   We are also reporting our pay quartiles split by gend er, ranking our employees from lowest to  highest paid, then splitting into four equal bands.   The proportion of employees receiving a bonus shows the proportion of men and women that  received a bonus or commission payment in the reporting period.      1 Reference – Office of National Statistics Gender pay gap in the UK - Office for National Statistics  (ons.gov.uk)  Our Data  The data for the 202 2 gender pay gap report covers the following pay periods:   • Hourly pay data for the mean and median gender pay gap and pay quartiles is based  upon pay received for the relevant period as of 5th April 202 1.    • Bonus  pay data for the mean and median gender bonus gap is based upon pay  received between 6th April 20 20 to 5th April 202 1.  For the purposes of the creating the gender and bonus pay gap data, c olleagues are labelled  as their affirmed gender.    Mean (average)  Median (middle)    Mean (average)  Median (middle)   Gender pay gap  Gender bonus gap   14.9%  7.7%  43.9%  0.0%     Mean hourly pay gap - Women’s mean  hourly rate is 14.9% lower than that for men.  This has  decreased by an overall 1.4 % since  we began reporting in 2017.   Median hourly pay gap - Women’s median  hourly rate is 7.7% lower than that for men.   Our median pay gap remains lower than the  national average, which is estimated to be  15.4% lower for women in 202 11.  As stated in our last rep ort, the Coronavirus  pandemic impacted  our 2020 gender pay gap   due to measures relating to pay being in  place during April 2020.  As a result of this we  expected that there would be an increase in  our data for the 2021 gender pay gap .  Mean bonus gap – Women’s mean  bonus pay  is 43.9% lower than that for men. This has  decreased by an overall 11.1% since we  began reporting in 2017.   Median bonus pay gap  – Women’s median  bonus pay  is 0.0% lower than that for men.   For the total population 79.7% of women and 83.4% of men received a bonus.   During 2019, we introduced our first companywide  bonus scheme which meant that eligibility  for bonus payments was much wider in 2020 and 2021 than in previous years. This is one of  the biggest contributing factors in reducing the bonus pay gap.     18.4%17.8% 17.4% 14.9%15.4% 4.5% 2.7%3.5% 1.7%7.7% 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021Median Pay Gap1 National Quotient                              Our Approach to Pay  At Quotient we are committed to diversity , equity,  and inclusion, which includes  promoting  gender equality.   Whilst Quotient’s numbers are generally better than the UK average,  we do acknowledge that  there is still more work to be done  in achiev ing gender pay parity.   Having considered the numbers carefully , we recognise that the reason for our gender pay  gap has remained relatively unchanged and  is still largely reflective of:   • fewer women in the most senior and leadership roles that are more likely to pay more;  and  • fewer women in commercial or business development roles that are more likely to pay  a bonus/commission.   Through our  People  practices we offer all colleagues the same growth and development  opportunities within a positive, open,  and inclusive environment, regardless of gender, as well  as offering flexible working wherever possible.   We believe this helps colleagues of all genders progress their career at Quotient and reap the  financial rewards that career progression brings. However, we still feel we can do more and  are committed to continuing to take measures to reduce the gender pay  gap in future.    I confirm that the figures in our disclosure are accurate and have been calculated in  accordance with gender pay gap reporting requirements as outlined in the legislation and  accompanying guidance.     Mark Egerton   CEO, Quotient Sciences   March 2022  37.9%62.1%LOWER QUARTILE 40.4%59.6%LOWER MIDDLE QUARTILE 42.9%57.1%UPPER MIDDLE QUARTILE 50.7% 49.3%UPPER QUARTILE= WOMEN   = MEN  


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/gender-pay-statement
Gender Pay Statement | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Gender Pay Statement Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Gender Pay Statement To read our statements, click the links. Gender Pay Gap Statement 2024 Gender Pay Gap Statement 2023 Gender Pay Gap Statement 2022 Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/alnwick-uk-standard-terms
http://www.quotientsciences.com/sites/default/files/2024-01/Terms_of_Supply_QS_Alnwick_2021.pdf
    QUOTIENT SCIENCES (ALNWICK) LIMITED  TERMS OF SUPPLY     FOR -ARC -F0348 -E03 1  STANDARD  TERMS   1. INTERPRETATION   Certain words and expressions used in, and principles of  interpretation applicable to, these terms are defined or set out in  Appendix 1  (Definitions).   2. QUOTATION   2.1 Quotient shall provide the Services to the Customer in  accordance with the terms and conditions  of this Agreement .    2.2 Once a draft Quotation has been agreed, the Customer shall  place an Order for the Services in accordance with Clause 3  (Orders).  Quotient  shall provide the Services from the date  specified in the Quotation   3. ORDERS   3.1 The Order constitutes an offer by the Customer in the form of a  purchase order from the Customer or the provision by the  Customer of a signed Quotation, confirming the Customer's  intention to purchase Services in accordance with this Agreement .    3.2 No Orders shall be binding on Quotient  unless accepted b y  Quotient .  Provided that Clause 3.1 is complied with, Orders  shall  only be deemed to be accepted when:   3.2.1  the Customer provides Quotient  with a purchase order for  the Services ; and   3.2.2  Quotient  issues the Customer with written acceptance of the  Order .  3.3 Any quotation given by Quotient  shall not constitute an offer, and  is only valid for a period of thirty (30) days  from its date of issue   unless  Quotient  agrees otherwise in writing .  3.4 Quotient  is prepared to provide  the Services on these terms and  conditions only, to the exclusion of all other terms and conditions  which the Customer purports to apply, whether in a purchase  order or otherwise, which are hereby rejected or shall (as  appropriate) be excluded from this Agreement.   4. QUOTIENT’ S RESPONSIBILITIES   4.1 Supply of Ser vices   Quotient  shall supply, and the Customer shall a ccept and pay for,  the Services in accordance with the Quotation  and the terms and  conditions of this Agreement .  4.2 Standards   4.2.1  Subject to Clause 4.2.2 , Quotient  shall use its reasonable  endeavours to supply the Services, and to deliver the  Deliverables in accordance with this Agreement  and Good  Industry Practice.   4.2.2  The Customer acknowledges that, having regard to the fact  that the work to be performed hereunder is by its nature  exploratory or developmental, Quotient  does not guarantee  to the Customer the achievement of a successful outcome   in the performance of the Services .  4.3 Time for performa nce  4.3.1  Unless otherwise stated in writing by Quotient , all dates or  other times for performance of the Services stat ed in the  Quotation  are estimates only.  Quotient  acknowledges the importance to the Customer of completion of the Services  in a timely manner and Quotient  shall use its reasonable  endeavours to perform the Services no later than the date  or time stated in the Quotation  but time for completion of the  Services is not of the essence.   4.3.2  The Customer may not postpone or cancel performance of  the Servic es except with the prior written consent of  Quotient .  4.4 Manner of performance   Quotient  is entitled to determine the manner in which the  Services are performed.   4.5 Relief events   4.5.1  Quotient  is discharged from performing this Agreement   where, to the extent and for so long as, the following  circumstances affect performance:     (a) Clause 18 (Force Majeure) applies;      (b) Quotient  has been provided  with inaccurate,  incomplete or misleading information;     (c)  any of the Assumptions are incorrect; or   (d)  the Customer is in breach  of this Agreement  (including a failure to comply with Clause 4 .2  (Standards ).  4.5.2  Where Clause 4.5.1  applies, and subject to Clause 18  (Force Majeure) in relation to Force Majeure Events:   (a) Quotient  shall notify the Customer as soon as  reasonably practicable, and shall endeavour to  continue to perform this Agreement  but shall not be  liable for any failure to do so (including any delayed  or defective performance); and    (b)   the Customer shall reimburse Quotient  on demand  in respect of all incremental costs incurred by  Quotient  in seeking to perform its obligations under  this Agreement  as a result.   4.6 Defective Services   4.6.1  If the Customer can demonstrate that the Services do not  comply with the requirements of Clause 4.2 (Standards) in  all material respects, Quotient  shall:   (a)  re-perform the portion of the Services which are  non-compliant within a reasonable period of time ;  or  (b)  refund the Charges paid  by the Customer for the  portion of the Services which are non -compliant.   4.6.2  The foregoing provisions of this Clause 4.6 (Defective  Services) are the Customer's only remedy in respect of a  breach of Clause 4.2 (Standards) or o therwise in respect of  the provision of the Services by Quotient .   4.7 Deliverables   4.7.1  Quotient  shall supply the Deliverables to the Customer.   4.7.2  Provided the Deliverables comply with this Agreement in all  material respects, the Customer shall accept the  Deliverable s.      QUOTIENT SCIENCES (ALNWICK) LIMITED  TERMS OF SUPPLY     FOR -ARC -F0348 -E03 2  4.7.3  Subject to Clause 4.7.5 , if the Deliverables do not comply  with this Agreement  in all material respects, the  Deliverables may be rejected  by the Customer  in  accordance with Clause 4.7.4  and Quotient  shall:   (a)  make such amendments to the Deliverables and re - perform the Services or any part thereof as required  in order to ensure the Deliverables comply with this  Agreement  within a reasonable time ; or  (b) refund the Charges paid by the Customer for the  portion of the Servic es which relate to the non - compliant Deliverables  within a reasonable time .  4.7.4  The Customer may reject the Deliverables delivered to  it provided that:   (a) notice of rejection is given to Quotient  within five  (5) Business Days of  the date of  delivery; and    (b) none of the circumstances  listed in Clause 4.7.5   apply.   4.7.5  Quotient  shall not be liable if the  Deliverable s do not  comply  with this  Agreement in any  material respect in  any of the following circumstances :  (a) the Customer makes any use of the Deliverables  after giving notice in accordance with Clause   4.7.4(a) ;   (b) the Customer alters the Deliverables without the  written consent of Quotient ; or    (c) the Deliverables differ from their description in  the Quotation  as a result of changes made to  ensure they comply with applicable statutory or  regulatory requirements including, if relevant,  GxP.  4.7.6  Subject always to Clause 16 (Limitation of Liability) ,  the Customer acknowledges and agrees that the  Deliverables have been produced solely for the benefit  of the Customer and in order to comply with this  Agreement.  Quotient  shall have no liability for:   (a) use by any third party of the Deliverables or  reliance thereon by any third party; or   (b) any failure by the Customer or any third party to  properly replicate the Deliverables (or any part of  them) in accordance with the Customer Supplied  Materials  and such other  documentation,  specifications and instructions as Quotient  may  provide to the Customer from time to time (unless  that failure results from a breach of this  Agreement  by Quotient ).  4.7.7  The Customer acknowledges that the  Deliverables are  for research purposes o nly.  Unless stated in the  Quotation  or agreed in writing between the parties, the  Deliverables are not suitable or intended for use in  humans.   4.7.8  If reports are provided by Quotient  as a Deliverable,  Quotient  shall prepare such reports in Quotient ’s  standard  format unless otherwise agreed by the parties  in the Quotation .  4.8 GxP 4.8.1  If Quotient  is required to perform the Services in  accordance with GxP, Quotient  shall:  (a) comply with the  Quality Agreement;    (b) ensure that the Customer Supplied Materials are  tested, analysed and retained in accordance with  GxP standards ;   (c) be solely responsible for ensuring the GxP  compliance status of any subcontractors used in  relation to the performance of its obligations  under this Agreement;  and    (d) complete and maintain any documentation  relating to the S ervices which evidence  complian ce with GxP and shall retain such  documentation for a period of seven (7) years  after the Deliverabl es are supplied to the  Customer.   5. CUSTOMER ’S OBLIGATIONS   5.1 General   5.1.1  The Customer shall:    (a) ensure that the terms of the Order and any  information it provides under or in connection with  the Quotation  are complete and accurate ;   (b) procure that employees, contractors, agents and  customers of the Customer fully and properly co - operate with Quotient  as required in connection with  the Services;    (c) provid e access to, or the use of, all  Customer  Supplied  Materials  and the Technical Package  (as  applicable) together with all  systems , data ,  information  and other assets required by Quotient   to per form the Services as soon as reasonably  practicable after receiving the request;  and   (d) notify Quotient  in writing of anything in connection  with the Services of which the Customer is aware or  ought reasonably to be aware, which is relevant to  the perfor mance of the Services, including  circumstances which:     (i) create a reasonable risk of delay or material  extra work in connection with the Services;  or    (ii) prevent or hinder or which may reasonably  be expected to prevent or hinder Quotient   from complyi ng with any provision of this  Agreement,    in each case giving t he reasons in reasonable  detail.   5.2 Supply of Materials and Information   5.2.1  The Customer shall, and shall procure that its employees,  contractors, agents and customers shall:   (a) provide the  materials  identified in the Quotation  in  such quantities required by Quotient  to perform the  Services  (Customer Supplied Materials );      QUOTIENT SCIENCES (ALNWICK) LIMITED  TERMS OF SUPPLY     FOR -ARC -F0348 -E03 3   (b)  not less than ten (10) days prior to the start date of  the Services identified in the Quotation  supply a  material saf ety data sheet in respect of the  Customer Supplied Materials ;  (c)  for the duration of this Agreement  provide Quotient   with any information necessary in order for Quotient   to follow safe handling, use, storage, transportation  and disposal practices in relation to the Customer  Supplied Materials ; and    (d)  supply Quotient  with the Technical Package in  accordance with the timescales set out in the  Quotation .  5.2.2  The Customer warr ants and represents that:   (a) the Customer Supplied Materials  are in all material  respects the same as the materials  that the  Customer will use in the process for manufacture of  products described in the Tec hnical Package;   (b) the Customer Supplied Materia ls conform to the  relevant specification;   (c) all information provided by the Customer  (including the Technical Package and the  material safety data she et supplied pursuant to  Clause 5.2.1  in respect of the Customer Supplied  Materials ) is up to date, complete and accurate;  and  (d) the Technical Package and the Customer  Supplied Materials  do not infringe the Intellectual  Propert y Rights of any th ird party.   5.2.3  On completion of delivery of the Customer Supplied  Materials b y the Customer to Quotient :  (a) the risk in the Customer Supplied Materials shall  pass to Quotient  (but only for such period that the  Customer Supplied Materials are under  Quotient ’s possession or control) ; and   (b) the title to the Customer Supplied Materials shall  at all times remain with the Customer.   5.2.4  Unless otherwise agreed in writing  by the parties , any  Customer Supplied Materials remaining on completion  of the Services shall be stored by Quotient  for a period  of three  (3) months  (Customer Supplied M aterial s  Storage Period ).  5.2.5  Following  the expiry of the Customer Supplied   Materia ls Storage Period, the remaining Customer  Supplied Materials shall  be:  (a) disposed of by Quotient ; or   (b) if requested in writing by the Customer during the  Customer Supplied Materials Storage Period,  returned to the Customer or stored by Quotient ,  in each  case at the Customer’s cost (as set out  in the Quotation ) or as otherwise agreed by  Quotient ,   except that Quotient  shall be entitled to retain such  samples of the Customer Supplied Materials as  Quotient  may reasonably require (and at its own cost)  to comply with any applicable statutory or other requirement specified by its Regulator including under  GxP.   5.2.6  Subject to Cl ause 6.2, Quotient  shall be discharged  from performing its obligations under this Agreement if  the Customer does not supply the Customer Supplied  Materials in accordance with the Quotation .   5.3 Customer De fault   5.3.1  If Quotient 's performance of any of its obligations under  this Agreement is prevented, delayed  or hindered  by  any act or omission by the Customer or failure by the  Customer to perform any relevant obligation including,  without limitation, any delay, failure or defect in  the  Customer Supplied  Materials and /or any Technical  Package (Customer Default ):  (a) Quotient  shall without limiting its other rights or  remedies have the right to suspend performance  of the Services until the Customer remedies the  Customer Default, and to rely on the Customer  Default to relieve it from the performance of any  of its obligations to  the extent the Customer  Default prevents , delays  or hinders  Quotient s  performance of any of its obligations;     (b) Quotient  shall not be liable for any costs or  losses sustained or incurred by the Customer  arising directly or indirectly from Quotient 's  failure, delay  or hindrance in perform ing any of  its obligations as set out in this Clause 5.3.1 ; and   the Customer shall reimburse Quotient  on written  demand for any costs or losses sustained or  incurred by Quotient  arising directly or indirectly  from the Customer Default.   6. SAFETY   6.1 Quotient  and the Customer shall inform each other  of all safety  hazards which either party knows or believes to impact the :   6.1.1  use, handling, storage, labelling, transport, treat ment  or disposal of the Deliverables  and Customer Supplied  Materials (as applicable) ; or  6.1.2  the performance of the Services .  6.2 The par ties shall ensure that the Deliverables  and Customer  Supplied Materials (as applicable)  are handled in accordance  with the special handling pro cedures required for such   Deliverables  and Customer Supplied Materials .   6.3 Each party w ill ensure that the Delivera bles and Customer  Supplied Materials it delivers to the other are at all times :   6.3.1  safe, packaged  and labelled so as to prevent any  health risk to persons, property or the environment ;  and   6.3.2  if relevant, properly marked with the appropriate  internationally re cognised danger symbols an d   prominent hazard warnings .  7. DELIVERY  OF TANGIBLE DELIVERABLES   7.1 The provisions of this Clause 7 shall apply to the delivery of  tangible Deliverables  (such as drugs or samples)  only.      QUOTIENT SCIENCES (ALNWICK) LIMITED  TERMS OF SUPPLY     FOR -ARC -F0348 -E03 4  7.2 Quotient  shall ensure that any delivery of the Deliverable s is  accompanied by a delivery note which shows :  7.2.1  the date of the Order;    7.2.2  all relevant Customer and Quotient  reference  numbers;   7.2.3  the type of the Deliverables; and   7.2.4  specia l storage instructions (if any).   7.3 Subject to Clause 8, unless collection of the Deliverables by the  Customer is  agreed in writing by the parties, Quotient  shall  deliver the Deliverables  to the location set out in the Order or  such other location a s the parties may agree ( Delivery  Location ) at any time after Quotient  notifies the Customer that  the Deliverables  are ready.   7.4 Delivery of the Deliverables  shall be at the Customer’s cost and  expense and completed on the arrival of the Deliverables  at the  Delivery Location  where delivered by Quotient  (or upon  collection of the Deliverables by the Customer as agreed by the  parties in writing) .  7.5 Any dates quoted for delivery are approximate only, and the time  of delivery is not of the essence.  Quotient  shall not be liable for  any delay in delivery  or failure to deliver  the Deliverables  (or to  prepare them for collection by the Customer (as applic able))  that  is caused by Customer Default, a Force Majeure Event or the  Customers failure to provide Quotient  with adequate delivery  instructions or any other instructions that are relevant to the  supply of the Deliverables .  7.6 Deliv ery shall be ExW, Quotient 's premises , unless otherwise  stated in writing in the Quotation .  8. DELIVERY OF NON -TANGIBLE DELIVERABLES   8.1 The provisions of this Clause 8 shall apply to non -tangible  Deliverables  (such as reports or documents)  only.   8.2 If reports are provided by Quotient  as a Deliverable, Quotient   shall prepare such reports in its standard format and deliver   them electronically in accordance with Clause 8.3 unless  otherwise agreed by the parties in the Quotation.   8.3 If any electronic reports, data o r documents are provided by  Quotient  as a Deliverable, such non -tangible Deliverables shall  be delivered by email . Non -tangible Deliverables shall be  deemed delivered in the case of email, when the non -tangible  Deliverable is actually received in readable form and delivery  shall be deemed to be effected on the same day on which it is  sent, in providing delivery by email, it will be sufficient to prove  that the email was properly addressed.      9. CHARGES    9.1 The Customer shall pay the Charges in full and in accordance  with the paymen t terms identified in the Quotation , without set - off or counterclaim in respect of any liability of Quotient .  9.2 Any amount due to Quotient  under this Agreement  shall not be  deemed to  have been paid until the amount is received by  Quotient  in cash, or cleared funds made by direct credit for same  day value to the bank account nominated by Quotient  from time  to time.  9.3 The Charges are exclusive of value added tax, which shall be  added to t he Charges, and paid by the Customer in accordance  with this Clause  9.  9.4 If the Customer fails to pay any sum due and payable under this  Agreement  by the due date, statutory interest from time to time  shall accrue on the unpaid amount from the due date to th e date  of actual payment (after as well as before judgment).    9.5 If the Customer fails to pay the Charges by the due date  (or any  of them) , Quotient  may suspend the Services (in whole or in part)  until payment, plus any interest charged by Quotient  in additi on,  is received in full by Quotient .  10. SET-OFF AND LIEN   10.1 Quotient  is entitled from time to time to set -off against any  amount:   10.1.1  held by Quotient  and paid by or on behalf of the  Customer, whether under this Agreement  or  otherwise; or   10.1.2  due to Quotient  from the Customer, whether in  respect of any liability of Customer under or in  connection with this Agreement  or otherwise; or   10.1.3  due to the Customer from Quotient , whether in  respect of any liability of Quotient  under or in  connection with this Agreement  or otherwise,   any Losses incurred or sustained by Quotient  by reason of the  breach of this Agreement  by the Customer, or the negligence,  fraud or wilful misconduct of the Customer.   10.2 Where Quotient  holds amounts paid by or on behalf of the  Customer for more t han one purpose, Quotient  is entitled to  elect which amounts it exercises its rights of set -off against and  the order in which it does so.   10.3 Quotient  shall account to the Customer for the balance (if any)  of the Charges or other amounts paid by the Customer after  exercising Quotient ’s rights of set -off under Clause 10.1.  10.4 Quotient  shall have a general legal and equitable lien on any  Deliverables created b y Quotient  as a result of the Services  (whether completed or work in progress), and on the  Customer’s other assets  (including any Customer Supplied  Materials) , in respect of all debts or sums due to Quotient  under  this Agreement .  11. WORKSCOPE CHANGE (WSC)   11.1 If either party wishes to change the scope or execution of the  Services or any Deliverables, it shall submit details of the  requested WSC to the other party in writing and the receiving  party shall not unreasonably withhold or delay its consent to the  chan ge.  11.2 If either party notifies the other of a proposed change to the  scope or execution of the Services or any Deliverables, Quotient   shall, within a reasonable time, provide a written WSC  to the  Customer  with details of:   11.2.1  the likely time required to implement the WSC;   11.2.2  any necessary variations to the Charges arising  from the WSC;   11.2.3  the likely effect of the WSC on the Services and/or  the Deliverables (as the case may be); and      QUOTIENT SCIENCES (ALNWICK) LIMITED  TERMS OF SUPPLY     FOR -ARC -F0348 -E03 5  11.2.4  any other impact of the change on this Agreement.   11.3 If the Customer wishes Quotient  to proceed with the change, no  WSC shall be effective unless and until the parties have agreed  the necessary variations to the Charges, the Services and any  other relevant terms of this Agreement to take account of the  chang e.  11.4 Notwithstanding Clause 11.3, Quotient  may, from time to time  and without notice, change the Services in order to comply with  any applicable safet y or statutory requirements, provided that  such changes do not materially affect the nature or scope of the  Services or the Charges.   12. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS   12.1 All Background Intellectual Property  is and shall remain the  exclusive property of the party o wning it (or where applicable the  third party from whom its right to use the Background Intellectual  Property  has derived).    12.2 No party will make any representation or do any act which may  be taken to indicate that it has any right, title or interest in or to  the ownership or use of any Background Intellectual Property  of  the other party except under the terms of this Agreement and  each party acknowledges that nothing contained in this  Agreement shall give it any such right, title or interest.   12.3 So far as it i s able to do so, the Customer shall grant to Quotient   a non -exclusive, royalty free, worldwide, perpetual licence  to use  the Customer’s Background Intellectual Property  strictly insofar  as is necessary to enable Quotient  to carry out its obligations  under this Agreement .   12.4 Quotient  agrees that it will not use the Customer’s Background  Intellectual Property  for any purpose other than the performance  of its obligations under this Agreement.   12.5 Without prejudice to Clause  12.1, 12.2, 12.3 and 12.4, New  Intellectual Property is  hereby assigned to :  12.5.1  the Custo mer (if , and to the extent that , such New  Intellectual Property relates solely  to the Services );  and  12.5.2  to Quotient  otherwise.   12.6 To the e xtent that the Customer owns any New Inte llectual  Property under Clause 12.5.1 , the Customer grants to Quotient   a non -exclusive, royalty free, worldwide, perpetual and  irrevocable licence to use any and all Intellectual Property Rights  in the New Intellectual Property ( with the right to grant sub - licenses) for the purpose of performing the Services .  12.7 Subject to Clause 12.8 all Intellectual Property Rights in the  Deliverables sh all be owned absolutely by the Customer .  12.8 Quotient  grants to the Customer a non -exclusive licence  to use  all Intellectual Property Rights in the Deliverables in connection  with the application of the Technical Package provided that the  Customer may not use such Intellectual Property Rights:   12.8.1  for the purposes of providing a service to third  parties whic h compete with the Services; or   12.8.2  to avoid engaging Quotient  to perform services  similar to the Services in respect of any new project  in the future.   12.9 Each party shall upon demand and at its own expense execute  and register or procure to be executed and regis tered all further deeds, documents and do all acts and things as may be  necessary or desirable to give effect to this Agreement or any  document executed or to be delivered pursuant to it.   12.10  No person shall make use of Quotient 's name, logo or  trademarks ( Quotient 's Marks ) without first obtaining written  approval from Quotient . If the Customer obtains such from  Quotient , it shall ensure that the reproduction of Quotient ’s Marks  is at all times in accordance with the specifications  and  instructio ns provided by Quotient  from time to time.   12.11  Quotient  warrants to the Customer that the fulfilment of  Quotient 's obligations under  and in accordance with this  Agreement , including but not limited to the provision of the  Services and Deliverables will not, in sofar as Quotient  is aware,  infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party at the  time of delivery or performance.   13. CONFIDENTIALITY   13.1 Each party undertakes to the other in relation to the Confidential  Information of the other:   13.1.1  to keep confidential all Confidential Information;   13.1.2  not to disclose Confidential Information without the  other’s prior written consent to any other person  except those of its employees who have a need to  know the Confidential Information;   13.1.3  not to use Confidential In formation except for the  purposes of performing its obligations under this  Agreement (and in particular not to use Confidential  Information to obtain a commercial, trading or any  other advantage); and   13.1.4  to keep separate from all other information all  Confide ntial Information in its possession or control.   13.2 The provisions of Clause 13.1 shall not apply to Confidential  Information to the extent that it is or was:   13.2.1  already in the possession of the other free of any  obligation of confidentiality on the date of its  disclosure;   13.2.2  in the public domain other than as a result of a breach  of this Clause  13;  13.2.3  required to be disclosed:   (a) pursuant to applicable law, or the rules of any exchange on  which the securities of a party are or are to be listed; or   (b) in connection with proceedings before a court of competent  jurisdiction or under any court order or for the purpose of  receiving legal advice, but only to the extent and for the  purpose of that disclosure.   13.3 Each party acknowledges that Confidential Information is  valuable and that damages might not be an adequate remedy  for any breach of Clause 13.1 and accordingly a party will be  entitled, without proof of special damage, to an injunction and  other equitable relief for any actual or threatened breach of  Clause 13.1.  14. TERM AND TERMINATION   14.1 This Agreement shall commence with effect from the  Commencement Date and shall continue in full force and effect  until the completion of the Services, unless it is terminated  earlier in accordance with this Clause  14.     QUOTIENT SCIENCES (ALNWICK) LIMITED  TERMS OF SUPPLY     FOR -ARC -F0348 -E03 6  14.2 Quotient  may terminate this Agreement (without liability in  relation to such termination) immediately on written notice to the  Customer if:   14.2.1  the mate rial safety da ta sheet provided under  Clause 5.2.1(b)  gives rise to safety or regulatory  issues which render the provision of the Services in  Quotient ’s sole discretion unsafe, contrary to  applicable laws or not technically feasible;   14.2.2  at any time during the  performance of the Services,  Quotient  has significant safety concerns in relation  to the performance of the Services;   14.2.3  the Technical Package or Customer Supplied  Materials  infringe or allegedly infringe the  Intellectual Property Rights of any third party;   14.2.4  at any time during the term of this Agreement,  Quotient  acting reasonably, believes that the  Services may damage any equipment of Quotient ;  and  14.2.5  at any time during the term of this Agreement,  Quotient  believes acting reasonably, that the  performance of the Services is not technically  feasible or any of the Assumptions are incorrect.   14.3 Subject to Clause 14.2, Quotient  may by giving notice to the  Customer terminate this Agreement  as from the date of expiry  of the notice if the Customer commits a breach of this  Agreement which is not remedied within thirty (30) Business  Days after Quotient  has given notice containing det ails of the  breach, and requiring the breach to be remedied.   14.4 In respect of a failure by the Customer to pay the Charges on  time, the period to which Clause 14.3 refers (for the purpose of  remedying the breach) is ten (10) Business Days.   14.5 Quotient  may at any time, by notice to the Customer , terminate  this Agreement  as from the date of expiry of the notice if an  Insolvency Event occurs  (or Quotient  reasonably believes that it  will occur)  in relation to the Customer.   14.6 Subject always to Clause  15.3, the Customer may terminate this  Agreement on thirty (30) days' prior written notice to Quotient .  15. CONSEQUENCES OF TERMINATION   15.1 Termination of this Agreement does not affect:   15.1.1  the rights or liabilities of the parties which have  accrued on or before termination; and   15.1.2  the continuance in force of Clauses  12 (Intellectual  Property Rights ) and 16 (Limitation of Liability)  which survive termination of this Agreement.   15.1.3  All Charges which are outstanding on the date of  termination shall become immediately due and  payable.   15.2 Without prejudice  to any other rights and remedies of Quotient ,  if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Clause 14.2, 14.3 or  14.5, the Customer shall pay all reasonable costs suffered or  incurred by Quotient , which are not covered by the Charges, in  ceasing to provide the Services, removing data from its systems,  changing the parameterisation of, and recoding of, Quotient 's  systems.   15.3 Without prejudice to any other rights and remedies of Quotient ,  if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Clause 14.2, the  Customer shall pay to Quotient  all Charges for work undertaken  up to the date of termination and any costs suffered or incurred in advance by Quotient  in anticipation of performing the  remaining Services.   16. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY   16.1 This Clause 16 (Limitation of Liability) sets out the maximum  liability of Quotient  in respect o f the following (each being an  Event of Default ):  16.1.1  a breach by Quotient  of this Agreement ; and   16.1.2  a tortious act or omission (including negligence),  breach of statutory duty or misrepresentation, of  Quotient  which arise out of or  in connection with this  Agreement , and subject to Clause 16.3 all other  liability is excluded except that nothing in this  Agreement shall affect the liability of Quotient  for  death or personal injury  caused by its negligence ,  fraud, or any other liability to the extent it ca nnot be  excluded or limited by law.   16.2 Without prejudice to the other provisions of this Clause 16,  Quotient ’s total liability arising out of or in connection with an  Event of Default (except for a breach of Clauses 12.11  and 13)  arising out of or in connection with this Agreement during each  Contract Year shall not exceed the greater  of:-   16.2.1  an amount equal to  the Charg es paid and payable  by the Customer  to Quotient  under this Agreement  during the relevant Contract Year prior to the date  on which the claim concerned is notified to Quotient ;  or  16.2.2  one hundred  thousand pounds (£ 100,000).   16.3 Without prejudice to the other provisions of this Clause 16,  Quotient 's total financial liability for a breach of Clause 12.11  or  Clause 13 arising out or in connection with this Agreement   during each Contract Year  shall not exceed the greater of: -  16.3.1  an amount equal to the Charge s paid and payable  by the Customer  to Quotient  under this Agreement  during the relevant Contract Year prior to the date  on which the claim concerned is notified to Quotient ;  or  16.3.2  one hundred  thousand pounds (£ 100,000).   16.4 Quotient  shall have no liability to the Customer in respect of any  and all Losses, howsoever caused, suffered or incurred by the  Customer arising out of or in connection with the  Customer  Supplied Materials  provided by the Customer  to Quotient  for use  in relation to the Services not being identical to the material used  by the Customer to manufacture products under the process  described in the Technical Package.   16.5 Except to the extent Quotient  may be liable to the Customer  under this Agreement, the Customer agrees to indemnify  Quotient  on demand against any Losses suffered or incurred by  Quotient  towards a third party (including any claims from  customers of the Customer) arising out of or in co nnection with  the Services or the use of, or reliance on, the Deliverables by  any third party and whether arising by reason of the negligence  of Quotient  or otherwise.   16.6 The Customer shall indemnify Quotient  on demand against all  Losses suffered or incurred by Quotient  arising out of or in  connection with:      QUOTIENT SCIENCES (ALNWICK) LIMITED  TERMS OF SUPPLY     FOR -ARC -F0348 -E03 7  16.6.1  any claim made against Quotient  for actual or  alleged infringement of a third party’s Intellectual  Property Rights arising out of or in connection with  the possession and/or use by Quotient  of the  Customer Supplied Materials  or the Technical  Package; and   16.6.2  any failure of the Customer Supplied Materials  to  comply with the ir relevant specification s.   16.7 In no event shall Quotient  be liable, whether for breach of  contract, any tortious act or omission  (including neg ligence) or  otherwise, under or in connection with this Agreement  for loss  of profits , loss of sales or business , loss of agreements or  contracts , loss of anticipated savings , loss of use or corruption  of software, data or information , loss of damage to go odwill;  and/or any indirect or consequential loss,  regardless of whether  the loss or damage would arise in the ordinary course of events,  is reasonably foreseeable, is in the contemplation of the parties,  or otherwise.   16.8 All warranties, representations, undertakings, guarantees,  conditions or terms not set out in this Agreement and which  would otherwise be implied or incorporated into this Agreement   by statute, common law or otherwise (other than as to statutory  interest a nd title to Deliverables ) are hereby excluded except to  the extent they may not be excluded or limited by law.   17. DATA PROTECTION   17.1 In this Clause 17 the terms controller, processor,  processing/process, personal data and data subject shall be  interpreted and construed by reference to Data Protection Law.   17.2 Each of the Customer and Quotient  shall comply with all  provisions of Data Protection Law when performing its  obligations under this Agreement in each case so far as is  applicable to the releva nt party.   17.3 The Customer and Quotient  each agrees that, for the purposes  of Data Protection Law, each (to the extent it processes  personal data pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement)  processes personal data as an independent controller in its own  right.  Nothing in this Agreement (or the arrangements  contemplated by it) is intended to construe either the Customer  or Quotient  as the processor of the other party or as joint  controllers with one another.   18. FORCE MAJEURE   18.1 The following provisions of this Clause 18 (Force Majeure) apply  where Quotient  is prevented, hindered or delayed from or in  performing any of its obligations under this Agreement  by a  Force Majeure Event.   18.2 Quotient ’s obligations under  this Agreement  shall be suspended  for so long as the Force Majeure Event continues and to the  extent Quotient  is so prevented, hindered or delayed.   18.3 As soon as reasonably possible after commencement of the  Force Majeure Event, Quotient  shall notify the Cus tomer of the  occurrence of the Force Majeure Event, the date of  commencement of the Force Majeure Event, and the effects of the Force Majeure Event on its ability to perform its obligations  under this Agreement .  18.4 Quotient  may terminate this Agreement if it is prevented,  hindered or delayed from performing its obligations under this  Agreement b y a Force Majeure Event for thirty (3 0) days or more.   19. GENERAL   19.1 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the  parties relating to its subject matter, and su persedes all  representations, including all pre -contract misrepresentations  and misstatements negligently or innocently made, agreements,  negotiations or understandings between the parties (whether  verbal or otherwise) relating to its subject matter.   19.2 Each party agrees that it shall have no remedies in respect of  any statement, representation, assurance or warranty (whether  made innocently or negligently) that is not set out in this  Agreement.  Each party agrees that it shall have no claim for  innocent or ne gligent misrepresentation or negligent  misstatement based on any statement in this Agreement.   19.3 An amendment to this Agreement  is ineffective unless it is in  writing, expressly purports to amend this Agreement  and is  signed by both parties.   19.4 Each of Quotient  and the Customer warrants to the other that it  has full power and authority to enter into and perform its  obligations under this Agreement.   19.5 The rights of the Customer under this Agreement  are the  Customer’s only rights relating to the subject matt er of this  Agreement , and are to the exclusion of any other rights of the  Customer provided by law.   19.6 The Customer shall not without the prior written consent of the  other assign, transfer, charge, dispose of, deal with or  subcontract its rights or obligatio ns under this Agreement .   Quotient  may assign its rights under this Agreement , including  the right to receive the whole or part of the Charges.   19.7 If there is an inconsistency between any of the provisions of this  Agreement and the provisions of the Quotation , the provisions  of the Quotation  shall prevail.   19.8 This Agreement  and any dispute or claim (including non - contractual disputes or claims ) arising out of or in connection   19.9 with its subject matter or formation  shall be governed by and  construed in accordance with English law.   19.10  The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive  jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, action or  proceedings, and to  settle any disputes  or claims (including  non-contractual disputes or claims) , which may arise out of or  in connection with this Agreement.                    QUOTIENT SCIENCES (ALNWICK) LIMITED  TERMS OF SUPPLY     FOR -ARC -F0348 -E03 2  APPENDIX 1   DEFINITIONS   1. DEFINITIONS   1.1 Meanings   In this Agreement, unless the context otherwise requires,  the following definitions apply:   Agreement  the contract between Quotient  and the  Customer made by these terms and conditions  of supply.   Assumptions  the assumptions of Quotient  in respect of the  Services as set out in the Quotation.   Business Day  Monday to Friday excluding public and bank  holidays in England.   Background  Intellectual  Property  all Intellectual Property Rights owned or  controlled by a party prior to the commencement  of this Agreement or which may be generated or  acquired by the part y concerned independently  from the performance of this Agreement.   Charges  the charges, costs and expenses payable by the  Customer under this Agreement, as agreed in  writing by the parties in the Quotation.   Commencement  Date  [DATE]   Confidential  Information  in relation to the Customer or Quotient  all  information and trade secrets relating to its  business or customers which come into the  possession of the other party pursuant to this  Agreement, whether orally, or in documentary,  electr onic or other form.   Contract Y ear any twelve (12) month period star ting on any  anniversary of the Commencement D ate of this  Agreement.   Customer  [NAME ] (a company registered in England and  Wales with company number [ ]) whose  registered office is situated at [ADDRESS] .  Customer  Supplied  Materials  has the meaning given to it in Clause 5.2.1 .  Customer  Supplied  Materials Storage  Period  has the meaning given to it in Clause 5.2.4 .  Data Protec tion  Law all applicable laws and regulations, in each case  pertaining to the security, confidentiality,  protection or privacy of personal data, as  amended or re -enacted from time to time,  including (without limitation and to the extent  applicable) the European General Data  Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU)  2016/679) (the GDPR) and the Data Protection  Act 2018.  Deliverables  any documents, materials  or other works to be  produced as a result of the Services as more  particularly described in the Quotation.   Event of Default  has the meaning given to it in Clause 16.1  (Event of Default).   ExW / ExWorks  shall have the meaning given to it in the  standardised set of international trade terms  published by the International Chamber of  Commerce in 2010.   Force Majeure  Event  any event which is beyond the reasonable  control of Quotient , and which affects Quotient 's  performance, including acts of God, war,  terrorism, fire and natural disasters, civil  commotion, governmental actions, labour  disputes including industrial action, a ccidents,  shortage of necessary raw materials, cyber - attacks, transport, fuel or utilities and  breakdown or failure of or malfunction of  machinery.   Good Industry  Practice  that degree of reasonable skill, care and  practice which would ordinarily be expecte d of a  reasonably skilled and experienced person  engaged in the same or similar type of  undertaking as that of Quotient , under similar  circumstances.   GMP  the Good Manufacturing Practice as set out in  the Rules and Guidance for Pharmaceutical  Manufacturers  and Distributors 2015.   GxP the practice quality requirements and guidelines  required by the Regulator and as applicable to  the provision of the Services including, but not  limited to, the internationally -recognised ethical  and scientific quality requirements for Good  Clinical Practice, the Good Laboratory Practice  Regulations 1999 (as amended) and GMP,  each as described in more detail in the  Quotation.   Insolvency Event  each and any of the following in relation to the  Customer or Quotient  (being the Relevant  Party ).  (a) any action (corporate or otherwise), legal  proceedings or other procedure or step is  taken by any person in any jurisdiction in  relation to or with a view to:  (i) the winding  up, dissolution, administration or  reorganisation (by way of voluntary  arrangement, scheme of arrangement or  otherwise) of the Relevant Party (except  that no right to terminate will arise in  respect of any procedure commenced for  the purpo se of a solvent amalgamation or  reconstruction); (ii) the appointment of a  liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, judicial  custodian, compulsory manager,  receiver, administrative receiver,  administrator, nominee, supervisor or  similar officer in respect of the  Relevant     QUOTIENT SCIENCES (ALNWICK) LIMITED  TERMS OF SUPPLY     FOR -ARC -F0348 -E03 2  Party or any of its assets;   (iii) the  enforcement of any security over any  assets of the Relevant Party; or (iv) the  expropriation, attachment, sequestration,  distress or execution over or affecting any  material asset of the Relevant Party;   (b) the Relevant Party is unable to pay its  debts as they fall due or is insolvent;   (c) the Relevant Party enters into a  composition or arrangement with its  creditors or any class of them; or   (d) or any similar or analogous event to those  set out above in any jurisdictio n outside  England and Wales.   Intellectual  Property Rights  patents, rights to inventions, copyright and  related rights, trade marks and service marks,  business names and domain names, rights in  get-up, goodwill and the right to sue for passing  off, rights in designs, database rights, rights to  use, and protect the confidentiality of,  confidential information (including know -how  and trade secrets) and all other intellectual  property rights, in each case whether registered  or unregistered and including all ap plications  and rights to apply for and be granted, renewals  or extensions of, and rights to claim priority from,  such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or  forms of protection which subsist or will subsist  now or in the future in any part of the w orld.  Loss and Losses  includes all loss, damage, costs and expenses.   New Intellectual  Property  all Intellectual Property  Rights  arising from or  created, produced or developed in the course of  Quotient  performing the Services.   Order  the Customer's order for the Services and  Quotient ’s acceptance of that order in  accordance with Clause 3.2.  Quality  Agreement  the document agreed  by the parties prior to  commencement of any GMP activities which  sets out:   (i) the mutually agreed quality standards  applicable for the manufacture of any  product forming the Deliverables (or  any part thereof) in accordance with  GMP; and   (ii) the roles an d responsibilities of each  party’s personnel in relation to quality  matters .  Regulator  the Medicines and Healthcare Products  Regulatory Agency in the UK and the European  Medicines Agency in the European Union and  such other body or bodies as may replace or  supersede the same.   Services  the services to be provided by Quotient  under  this Agreement as set out in the Quotation,  together with any other services which Quotient   agrees to provide to the Customer.  Quotation  the written plan (in such format as the parties  may agree), which describes in detail the  Services and sets out  the timetable, including  any milestones, the Charges, and  responsibilities for each party in the provision of  the Services, as well as details of any Customer  Supplied Materials and Technical Package  required for the provision of the Services.   Quotient  Quotient  Sciences (Alnwick) Limited  (a  company registered in England and Wales with  company number 09767194) whose registered  office is situated at Trent House, Mere Way,  Ruddington Fields Business Park, Ruddington,  Nottingham, NG11 6JS, United Kingdom.   Technical  Package  the technical process, documentation, data and  other information provided by the Customer to  Quotient  which relates to the provision of the  Services.   1.2 References   1.2.1  References to:   (a) Clauses  are to clauses of this Agreement;   (b) a statutory provision includes a reference to any  modification, consolidation or re -enactment of the  provision from time to time in force and all subordinate  instruments, orders or regulations made under it except  that, a s between the parties, no modification,  consolidation or re -enactment shall apply for the  purposes of this Agreement to the extent that it would  impose any new or extended obligation, liability or  restriction on, or otherwise adversely affect the rights of ,  either party;   (c) either party includes, where appropriate, persons  deriving title under it;   (d) includes  or including  shall be construed without  limitation to the generality of the preceding words;   (e) any document (including this Agreement) or a provision  of it sh all be construed as a reference to that document  or provision as amended from time to time by agreement  between the parties in accordance with this Agreement;   (f) writing  includes any method of reproducing words in a  legible and non -transitory form; and   (g) the si ngular includes the plural and vice versa.   1.3 Headings   The headings are for convenience only and shall not affect  the interpretation of this Agreement.    


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/alnwick-uk-standard-terms
Alnwick: UK Standard Terms | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, UK Standard Terms Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Alnwick: UK Standard Terms To read Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, UK Standard Terms, click here . Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/valeria-ciarnelli
Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli - Senior Director of Product Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli Senior Director of Product Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli - Senior Director of Product Development About Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli is a Senior Director of Product Development at Quotient Sciences, with responsibility for scientific program design and product development strategies for customer programs. Dr. Ciarnelli has over 15 years of experience in pre-formulation and formulation development, in academia and contract development manufacturing organizations. Her expertise lies in understanding challenging formulations and developing phase-appropriate solutions to address them. Her passion is to support customers in realizing successful products for unmet clinical needs. Valeria received her Ph.D. in the physiochemical characterization of novel bioabsorbable eluting stents from The University of Nottingham. Topics of interest Drug Development Formulation Development Ask a question Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/dr-andrew-parker
Dr. Andrew Parker - Senior Drug Development Consultant | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Andrew Parker Senior Drug Development Consultant Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Andrew Parker - Senior Drug Development Consultant About Dr. Andrew Parker has two decades of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, spanning from preclinical development, through early clinical formulation development into late-stage development, scale-up, and commercialization. Andrew has a particular interest in enabling technologies for bioavailability enhancement, characterization of all delivery formats, innovative technologies, and understanding drug product structure and drug product function relationships. Andrew’s focus at Quotient Sciences is on Translational Pharmaceutics ® and the acceleration in drug candidate progression and associated benefits provided by tighter integration of formulation development, clinical drug product manufacture, and clinical dosing activities. Before joining Quotient Sciences, Andrew worked at Cooper Surgical and Healthcare as a Program Director and at Catalent as an Open Innovation Director covering two business units. Andrew also spent 15 years at Juniper Pharma Services and Molecular Profiles CDMOs in a variety of roles combining technical and commercial knowledge, sitting at the operational and business interfaces with external clients. Andrew holds a PhD in physical chemistry from the University of Bristol. Topics of interest Drug Development Consulting Translational Pharmaceutics Drug Development Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/daniel-dennehy
Daniel Dennehy - Director Of Business Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Daniel Dennehy Director Of Business Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Daniel Dennehy - Director Of Business Development About Dan is an accomplished Business Development Director with over 10 years of experience in sales to healthcare, pharmaceutical, and academic institutions. Topics of interest Drug Development Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/david-ross
David Ross - Senior Director Business Development (Europe) | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact David Ross Senior Director Business Development (Europe) Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts David Ross - Senior Director Business Development (Europe) About David has over 18 years of career experience within the pharmaceutical industry across various disciplines, sectors, and therapeutic areas. Topics of interest Drug Development Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/mariecris-madayag
Mariecris Madayag - Director, Business Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Mariecris Madayag Director, Business Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Mariecris Madayag - Director, Business Development About With an innate passion for medicine, and science, and serving our greater society by driving clinical advancements in the pharmaceutical industry, I am a driven, approachable leader with a growth, business mindset who strives for continued excellence in all parts of program and business management. My 20+ years of experience providing excellent customer service and 12 years working in collaboration with clients within the contract organization environment, have trained me to be well-equipped to deliver a personalized and overall enhanced sponsor experience through strategic collaboration in all phases of clinical product development and commercialization. Topics of interest Drug Development Translational Pharmaceutics Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/drew-lawrence
Drew Lawrence - Business Development Director | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drew Lawrence Business Development Director Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Drew Lawrence - Business Development Director About Drew is a Business Development Director whose role is to meet and assist drug development customers by completing Phase I clinical trials 6-12 months faster than the traditional development cycle leveraging Quotient Sciences' uniquely integrated services. Topics of interest Drug Development Translational Pharmaceutics Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/brad-rowe
Brad Rowe - Senior Director of Integrated Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Brad Rowe Senior Director of Integrated Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Brad Rowe - Senior Director of Integrated Development About Brad is a Senior Director of Integrated Development at Quotient Sciences. Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/dr-mark-anstiss
Dr. Mark Anstiss - Head of Production, Drug Substance Synthesis Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Mark Anstiss Head of Production, Drug Substance Synthesis Manufacturing Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Mark Anstiss - Head of Production, Drug Substance Synthesis Manufacturing About Dr. Mark Anstiss has over 15 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and fine chemical and industries spanning Process Research and Development, Process Improvement, and Drug Substance manufacturing. Mark has a thorough understanding of the requirements for successful and safe scale up of chemical processes and has applied this knowledge to support the manufacture of early phase kilogram batches through to process improvement and optimization at tonne scale. Throughout his career Mark has worked on the development and manufacturing of a significant number of psychoactive drug substances. Mark holds a Master of Chemistry degree from the University of Manchester and a PhD in Organic Chemistry from Leeds University. Topics of interest Drug Substance Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/dr-alan-mcneill
Dr. Alan McNeill - Head of Isotope Labelling | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Alan McNeill Head of Isotope Labelling Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Alan McNeill - Head of Isotope Labelling About Dr. Alan McNeill is Head of the Isotope Labelling team at Quotient Sciences. Alan has 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, both within large Pharma and CROs, in C-14 Radiosynthesis. From this, Alan has developed an in depth understanding of the requirements for a successful and cost-effective labelling strategy to deliver 14C labelled APIs to support pre-clinical and clinical studies. Alan holds a PhD in Organic Chemistry from the University of Manchester. Topics of interest Isotope Labeling Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/richard-castledine
Richard Castledine - Head of Drug Substance and Translational Pharmaceutics Operations | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Richard Castledine Head of Drug Substance and Translational Pharmaceutics Operations Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Richard Castledine - Head of Drug Substance and Translational Pharmaceutics Operations About Richard Castledine is Head of Drug Substance Operations at Quotient Sciences. He has 15 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and contract development industries. After completing a PhD in synthetic organic chemistry at the University of Nottingham he worked briefly as a medicinal chemist, before moving into process chemistry. He has led process development of over 25 programs at different stages of development ranging from pre-clinical and Phase I to process validation. In his current role, Richard is responsible for the Analytical Development, Process Research and Development, Solid State Chemistry, and Drug Substance Production teams. Topics of interest Drug Substance Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/psychedelic-drug-development
Access denied | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact You are not authorized to access this page. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/dr-aruna-railkar
Dr. Aruna Railkar - Senior Drug Development Consultant | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Aruna Railkar Senior Drug Development Consultant Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Aruna Railkar - Senior Drug Development Consultant About Dr. Aruna Railkar is a Senior Drug Development Consultant. She works in the areas of NCE screening, compound characterization and formulation development. Areas of interest include formulation development of new chemical entities, controlled release for oral or injectable dosage forms, targeted drug delivery, prodrugs and solubility enhancement of low solubility compounds. Topics of interest Formulation Development Drug Product Optimization Drug Product Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/charlotte-hannigan
Charlotte Hannigan - Associate Director, Business Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Charlotte Hannigan Associate Director, Business Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Charlotte Hannigan - Associate Director, Business Development About With a chemistry background, I have technical and commercial experience in the pharmaceutical industry, spanning a range of disciplines, sectors, and therapeutic areas . I am responsible for client engagement. At Quotient Sciences we are dedicated to accelerating the development of new drugs for patients around the world. We provide formulation development, clinical pharmacology trials, and clinical and commercial manufacturing services to the pharmaceutical and biotech industry. These services are provided either individually or as an integrated service via our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform, which is proven to accelerate timelines and reduce drug development costs. Topics of interest Drug Development Translational Pharmaceutics Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/bos-basel-2024
BOS Basel 2024 | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact BOS Basel 2024 Basel, Switzerland | 19 June 2024 - 20 June 2024 Home Events BOS Basel 2024 Overview Meet with our team this June at BOS Basel and speak to our experts to learn more about our extended capabilities and how we can support your drug development needs from start to finish. Please use the button below to request a meeting with one of our experts. Request a meeting Request a Meeting Request a Meeting Location Congress Center Basel - Floor 2 Messeplatz 21, 4058 Basel, Switzerland Register now: BOS Basel 2024 Meet our experts: We look forward to meeting you at BOS Basel. Dr. Andrew Parker Senior Drug Development Consultant Dr. Andrew Parker has two decades of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, spanning from preclinical development, through ear... Contact Us Iain Shaw Senior Director, 14C Enabled Drug Development Iain Shaw is Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development at Quotient Sciences. Iain has over 30 years of experience in the pha... About Iain More insight from our experts: Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/controlled-modified-drug-release-summit
Controlled Modified Drug Release Summit | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Controlled Modified Drug Release Summit Princeton, United States | 25 June 2024 - 26 June 2024 Home Events Controlled Modified Drug Release Summit Overview Connect with Quotient Sciences at the Controlled Modified Drug Release Summit to learn more about our expanded capabilities and how we can help you with your next project. The Controlled Modified Drug Release Summit is focused on industry’s latest formulation and delivery technologies for improving drug product performance and developing next-gen products. Featured Presentation by Dr. Aruna Railkar, Senior Drug Development Consultant entitled: How To Accelerate Drug Product Optimization: Integrated Program Delivery Using Translational Pharmaceutics Reach out to set up your meeting with us. Request a meeting Request a Meeting Request a Meeting Location Princeton Marriott at Forrestal 100 College Road East, Princeton, NJ 08540 Princeton, United States Register now: Controlled Modified Drug Release Summit Meet our attendees We look forward to speaking with you at the Controlled Modified Drug Release Summit. Daniel Dennehy Director Of Business Development Dan is an accomplished Business Development Director with over 10 years of experience in sales to healthcare, pharmaceutical, and ... Contact Us Tobi Williams Senior Director of Business Development Tobi is a Senior Director of Business Development whose role is to meet and assist drug development customers by completing Phase ... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/cphi-worldwide-2024
CPHI Worldwide 2024 | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact CPHI Worldwide 2024 Milan, Italy | 8 October 2024 - 10 October 2024 Home Events CPHI Worldwide 2024 Overview Join our drug substance, drug product, and commercial manufacturing experts in Milan for a week at CPHI Worldwide 2024. Learn more about our extended capabilities and how we can support your drug development needs from start to finish. Please use the button below to request a meeting with one of our experts. Request a meeting Request a Meeting Request a Meeting Location Fiera Milano Strada statale Sempione, 28 Milan, Italy Register now: CPHI Worldwide 2024 Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/bos-manchester-2024
BOS Manchester 2024 | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact BOS Manchester 2024 Manchester, UK | 26 November 2024 - 27 November 2024 Home Events BOS Manchester 2024 Overview Connect with us at BOS Manchester this November! Meet with our team and speak to our experts to learn more about our extended capabilities and how we can support your drug development needs from start to finish. Please use the button below to request a meeting with one of our experts. Request a meeting Request a Meeting Request a Meeting Location Manchester Central Petersfield, Manchester M2 3GX Manchester, UK Register now: BOS Manchester 2024 Meet our experts: We look forward to meeting you at BOS Manchester this November. Dr. Asma Patel VP, Integrated Development Services Dr. Asma Patel is VP of Integrated Development Services at Quotient Sciences. In this role, Asma is responsible for providing scie... About Asma Dr. Stephen McQuaker Director, Drug Development Consulting Dr. Stephen McQuaker has over 10 years of experience across a range of chemical industries including pharmaceuticals, flavor and f... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/heritage
Our Heritage | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience in drug development and manufacturing. Watch video Loading... What We Do Home About Us Our Heritage Since 1990, Quotient Sciences has transformed into a renowned, global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. We are proud of our heritage as a drug development and manufacturing accelerator. With over 30 years of experience and a growing team of more than 1,300 scientific experts, we are a trusted partner for all stages of drug development. What really excites us is the future and continuing our journey of helping customers get new treatments to patients, faster. See some of our milestones that have shaped our journey to become a trusted, strategic partner to the global pharmaceutical and biotech industry. 1990: Pharmaceutical Profiles Founded Founded in 1990, Pharmaceutical Profiles was established as a spin-out from the University of Nottingham and the Royal Free Hospital, London, UK. It was an early-phase development company that helped improve decisions in early drug development. The company's mission was to improve the drug development decision-making process by offering innovative services to select the right molecules in early development. 1990: Quotient Bioresearch Founded Also founded in 1990, Quotient Bioresearch was a UK-based contract research organization (CRO). Throughout the 1990s, Quotient Bioresearch grew and specialized in early-stage and specialist drug development services to the global life sciences industry. 2000s: Growth within the UK In 2002, QS Pharma was founded, specializing in formulation development and manufacturing of small molecule drug products. The company supported pharma and biotech customers through all stages of development and commercialization. In 2008, Quotient BioResearch acquired BioDynamics Research Limited. Founded over 15 years prior, BioDynamics was a specialist provider of metabolism, bioanalytical, and radiochemistry services worldwide. Pharmaceutical Profiles joined the Quotient Bioscience Group Limited in 2008. With capabilities for GMP manufacturing and GCP clinical trials in Nottingham, UK, Quotient Bioresearch developed RapidFACT, a novel formulation optimization approach. In May 2009, Quotient Bioresearch acquired the Edinburgh clinical research facility (formerly Inveresk Clinical Research) from Charles River Laboratories. Combined with the services and capabilities from Pharmaceutical Profiles, a new business was formed: Quotient Clinical . 2015 - 2017: Quotient Clinical Expansion in the UK In 2015, Quotient Clinical doubled its pharmaceutical sciences capacity through the acquisition of a second GMP manufacturing facility and the construction of new formulation development and pharmaceutical analysis laboratories in Nottingham. Quotient Clinical acquired the contract development company Co-Formulate Limited later in 2015 to expand pharmaceutical development capabilities across solid, semi-solid, and liquid oral formulations. This added to existing expertise and capabilities in pediatrics drug programs . In 2017, Quotient Clinical continued a UK expansion with the acquisition of Pharmaterials, a contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) based in Reading, UK. 2017: Quotient Clinical Expands to the US & Rebrands as Quotient Sciences Quotient Clinical expanded its footprint into the United States with the acquisitions of two organizations: SeaView Research, a specialist clinical pharmacology and contract research services provider (CRO) in Miami, Florida, and QS Pharma, a contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania metropolitan area. These acquisitions helped expand the company into the United States, furthering capabilities for integrated drug development with both clinical and manufacturing capabilities under one organization. At the time, former CEO Mark Egerton commented, "We are excited about the future of Quotient Sciences. By integrating services typically found in disparate CDMO and CRO businesses, we break down barriers and support our customers to improve R&D productivity and accelerate the delivery of new medicines to patients around the world. We have a 30-year track record of service to a global customer base, including large multinational pharmaceutical companies to smaller virtual biotech organizations." Following these acquisitions, Quotient Clinical announced that the company was renaming to Quotient Sciences . 2019 - 2020: A New Manifesto & Brand for Quotient Sciences In 2019, global investment firm Permira acquired a majority stake in Quotient Sciences from companies controlled by GHO Capital and other investors. The investment provided new funding to fuel the next stage of company growth. In 2020, a refreshed brand for Quotient Sciences was introduced along with a new mission statement to capture the soul of Quotient Sciences of being science-rich at heart with a passion to accelerate the development of new drugs for patients in need. Together, our manifesto , our mission and our principles reflect who we are and what we do for our customers to bring novel treatments to market as quickly as possible. 2021 - Present: Quotient Sciences Continues Growth & Adds Drug Substance Capabilities In early 2021, Quotient Sciences acquired Arcinova , a UK based multiservice contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO). The acquisition expanded the company's offering with the addition of drug substance, bioanalytical testing, and other capabilities offered from the company's Alnwick, UK location. Additionally, drug substance capabilities were added to the Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform, further increasing the time and cost savings potential that can be delivered by leveraging Translational Pharmaceutics®. Across 2022 and 2023, the company expanded further at its Alnwick, UK facility with new equipment and capacity added at the the Annex 1 compliant facility for sterile fill and finish of parenteral drugs. Go further with Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/integrated-pharmacy-compounding
Integrating Pharmacy Compounding & GMP Manufacturing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrating Pharmacy Compounding & GMP Manufacturing Accelerate through first-in-human testing and seamlessly supply drug product into patient trials Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Integrated Pharmacy Compounding and GMP Manufacturing Accelerate your molecule from first in human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC). Pharmacy compounding offers a simple and streamlined pathway to start FIH clinical testing At the early development stage, leveraging pharmacy compounding, you can remove the need for extensive chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) investment or active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) consumption. Quotient Sciences provides integrated pharmacy compounding, formulation, Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing, and clinical testing solutions to help you achieve your POC milestones quickly, shortening development time while reducing costs. Dose preparations can be made in real time, which gives our clients the flexibility to make quick and informed changes to the dose or formulation based on human data in order to respond to changes in the FIH protocol design. Download Info Sheet We help you seamlessly scale up: Start your FIH trial with a fit-for-purpose pharmacy preparation We can help you develop a cost-effective dosage form for your FIH trial that provides maximum dose flexibility to achieve your Phase I objectives. Bridge formulations within the same FIH protocol Next, we'll help you evaluate formulation technologies and different dosage forms so you can select a patient-ready formulation to move forward. Supply product to start your patient trials Finally, we provide you with an immediate clinical trial material supply, ready for packaging and shipment, so you can start your Phase II proof-of-concept (POC) trials. Simple and streamlined Begin your Phase I first-in-human testing with a simple, fit-for-purpose pharmacy preparation to get in the clinic quickly. See how we can help. Have a challenging molecule? We've earned a reputation for our biopharmaceutics and formulation development expertise in supporting our customers through the development of even the most complex molecules. Leveraging our expertise and our supporting GMP manufacturing capabilities for solubility enhancement and complex oral solid dosage forms, including modified-release (MR) and immediate-release (IR) capsules and tablets, we can help achieve your goals of getting to FIH trials, then to POC. Our solubility-enhancement technologies to produce solubilized intermediates and final dosage forms include: Lipidic systems Micronization Spray drying Hot melt extrusion Benefits of using an integrated pharmacy-manufacturing approach Quickly and cost-effectively start clinical testing with a fit-for-phase pharmacy preparation Manage CMC investment in dosage form development appropriately as a molecule progresses and key elements are de-risked Select an appropriate dosage form for the FIH trial that provides maximum dose flexibility to achieve Phase I objectives Evaluate different formulation options and select a lead system to move forward Develop and bridge to a solid oral drug product for patient trials within the same program of work Seamlessly start Phase II trials on time with immediate supply of clinical trial material Minimize the number of vendors and simplify the supply chain Manage quantities of API and drug product costs Loading... Take a look at our Miami, FL compounding pharmacy Located at our clinical pharmacology facility in Miami , Florida, our 2,500 ft 2 compounding pharmacy has been built to support rapid and cost-effective dose preparations, including oral solutions, suspensions, drug or powder in capsule or bottle, and sterile preparations for parenteral delivery for both API and GMP intermediates. Built with the necessary International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 5 and 7 standards in place, our pharmacy meets United States Pharmacopeia (USP) 795, 797, and 800 compounding requirements to ensure both operator and patient safety for high-potency and high-risk molecules up to Performance-Based Level of Exposure Classification (PBLEC) 5. Rapidly go from FIH to POC trials Leverage our integrated services to simplify your outsourcing and advance a patient-friendly GMP drug product into POC trials as efficiently as possible. Our compounding pharmacy is fully integrated with our pharmaceutical development and GMP manufacturing facilities located in the US and UK. Contact Us Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/node/495
Taste masking | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Taste masking We have an extensive track record developing age-appropriate dosage forms of aversive, bitter drug substances using a range of taste-modifying and taste-masking techniques without compromising on product stability and PK performance. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/node/496
Taste assessment and PK studies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Taste assessment and PK studies Using our integrated GMP manufacturing and clinical testing platform, we perform rapid, adaptive trials in humans to optimize taste attributes and PK performance. This provides you with the clinical validation that you need prior to proceeding to your pediatric trials. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/integrated-programs/candidate-development
Drug Candidate Selection & Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Candidate Selection & Development We help you select the right molecules for development Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Integrated Programs Candidate Development Trusted expertise to help you select the best drug candidate. Loading... The evaluation of a drug candidate's developability is a pivotal stage in the drug development process. We offer holistic services to help you assess and select the best molecules for further development. Over 30 years of experience in drug development, clinical testing, and drug manufacturing A multidisciplinary scientific team assigned to your project for holistic assessment and insight into the developability of your target candidate Integrated capabilities that offer a faster, more cost-effective route to reach the clinic for FIH trials We know what it takes to develop a successful drug. What is the drug candidate selection process? Drug candidate selection is the process of identifying the best molecules that can be developed into a new treatment for a specific disease or illness. Given the number of new chemical entity (NCE) candidates, we understand that our customers frequently face challenges when selecting the most promising candidate to continue forward into further development. Our candidate selection process involves several stages, including target identification, discovery, optimization, and preclinical testing. We offer an integrated solution for your drug candidate selection that maximizes the candidates potential to reach first-in-human (FIH) clinical trials. Why partner with Quotient Sciences at the drug candidate selection stage of your program? Quotient Sciences offers integrated services for the lifecycle of your drug program, starting from candidate selection through to commercial manufacturing. The integration of scientific capabilities through our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform enable us to provide a complete assessment of the developability of your molecule. This allows us to quickly identify the best drug candidates – the potential winners – for your drug development program. In combination with our agile and adaptive approach to project management, our teams ensure that projects are delivered on-time and on-budget, allowing you to mitigate risks and shorten the time to reach the clinic. Your partner to bring new treatments to market. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we have worked with countless companies across the pharmaceutical industry over the last 30 years. Speak with one of our experts to learn more about our capabilities and how we can help you reach your program's milestones. Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/node/67
Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Card Subheading Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Card Link Discover Solutions Card Image Image Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-product
Drug Product Development & Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Product Development & Manufacturing Science-first, we provide individually tailored or integrated drug product services from formulation development to clinical trial manufacturing and commercial production. Contact Us Home Drug Product An experienced, flexible drug product development and manufacturing partner. Drug product development and optimization can be challenging due to the increasing complexity of biotherapeutics and the changing regulatory landscape slowing it down. Quotient Sciences' partner with you to bring life-changing medicines to patients, fast. At Quotient Sciences, we have over 30 years of expertise in a wide range of drug product services for all common dosage forms Quotient Sciences' expertise and integrated capabilities can take your molecule through discovery, pre-formulation and formulation activities, through to the manufacture of clinical trial materials. We help you bring your product to market as quickly as possible through our breadth of services and expertise. We streamline the transition from pre-formulation to clinical, and commercial supply. We are also experienced in analytical services for all phases of drug product development and commercial manufacture and also offer a unique delivery platform called Translational Pharmaceutics® . This is a trusted and proven platform, launched in 2008, that can shorten drug development times by more than 12 months. At a Glance 1\. Preformulation assessment and formulation development At Quotient Sciences, we emphasize the importance of data-driven decisions in early development. We prioritize the key API characterization data required, which allows our scientific experts to recommend the selection of the appropriate API form as well as inform a data-driven strategy for preclinical and clinical pharmaceutical development based on the Developability Classification System (DCS). With unparalleled biopharmaceutical experience, we factor in and anticipate clinical considerations as well as the in vitro performance of pharmaceutical formulations. Early laboratory prototyping is performed on bench-scale equipment, which mirrors both small-scale and mid-to-large-scale GMP manufacturing, to de-risk process scale-up and development should the molecule achieve its early clinical endpoints. 2\. Clinical development and accelerating to proof-of-concept (POC) Our experts provide the full spectrum of manufacturing and supply paradigms, from traditional large batch manufacturing, through bright stock distribution and personalized manufacturing. There are compelling drivers for small batch sizes, such as conservation of API, and dose flexibility to meet individual subject needs and reduced stability needs. Fundamentally, with personalized manufacturing, the product is made on-demand, only when needed based on patient requirements. Overall, this alternative approach offers a reduction in waste and cost, while maximizing the potential for clinical success. 3\. Formulation optimization and validation of product performance in humans We have demonstrated that formulation flexibility in healthy volunteer trials can be used to develop 'patient-ready' formulations for oncology molecules in less than half the time of the industry standard. This is accomplished by the close integration of real-time manufacturing and clinical testing, also known as Translational Pharmaceutics, which uses a 14-day 'make-test' cycle, enabling formulation decisions to be made based on emerging human data. 4\. Process development, scale-up and clinical manufacturing for Phase II/III Recognizing the need to move rapidly through clinical development, we can efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes from Phase I to meet the demands of later clinical trial requirements and ensure a seamless transition to larger-scale manufacturing and drug product commercialization. 5\. Commercial manufacturing and supply We work with our customers to configure a robust manufacturing and supply chain to meet their needs. We continue to invest in small-scale commercial equipment to broaden the technologies and product formats available and ensure seamless continuity throughout the development life cycle. We can accelerate development programs through registration and process validation and our manufacturing facilities support batch sizes ranging from less than 1 kg to over 500 kg for solid oral dosage forms and up to 350 L for liquid formats. Whether you are preparing for ANDA, NDA, MAA, or Japanese NDA, Quotient Sciences has the expertise and regulatory approval to manufacture your registration and validation batches for the U.S., U.K., Europe, and Japan. Our expert team also has significant experience in supporting 505(b)(2) and all post-approval change filings. Drug Product Services Formulation Development We have over 30 years of experience in formulation development services for small molecules and synthetic peptides. We create simple and complex dosag... Learn More Clinical Trial Manufacturing Tailored to meet the needs of clinical trial design and clinical manufacturing, focused on producing drugs for use in clinical research. Learn More Commercial Manufacturing Quotient Sciences manufactures a range of simple to complex dosage forms, with a track record of working with higher-value products that may require l... Learn More Global Clinical Trial Supplies We can facilitate global clinical trial supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. Our clinical trial supply team works with you ... Learn More Drug Product Development and Manufacturing At Quotient Sciences we diligently accelerate your candidate through the drug product development pathway, quickly and safely. Whether you are looking for the development of a preclinical formulation or the manufacture of clinical trial material, our drug product experts are on-hand to collaborate with you. Together we make sure that you meet your molecule’s milestones promptly, solving problems, saving time and overcoming the most complex development challenges. Our Manifesto Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Formulation Development Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics/tufts-report
Tufts Report | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Assessing the financial impact of Translational Pharmaceutics® A white paper by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) comparing the savings and financial benefits for drug developers that use Translational Pharmaceutics®. Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics Tufts Report Unlock the multi-million dollar benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics®, demonstrated in the Tufts CSDD study. Loading... Discover the time savings and financial benefits for drug developers that use Translational Pharmaceutics®, versus traditional multi-vendor formulation, manufacturing and clinical testing approaches. What can I learn? Discover how to benefit from: A faster approach to drug development and accelerated time to market Average timeline savings of >12 months R&D spend reduced by $9.5 million for each month of time saved Total financial gains per drug approved >$100 million Formulations selected using clinical data, ensuring greater chances of success An integrated development model and simplified supply chain About Translational Pharmaceutics® Translational Pharmaceutics® accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance , drug product , and clinical testing . Over the past decade, it has been used widely by pharmaceutical and biotech companies on >400 programs to advance molecules across the full development cycle, from first-in-human (FIH) trials to market. Key applications within the development process include: Transitioning molecules from FIH to proof of concept (POC) Development and optimization of clinical formulations About the Tufts CSDD study The Tufts CSDD compared the cycle times of traditional drug development programs to Translational Pharmaceutics® programs and their derivative effects on development economics. These data were incorporated in a drug development model and the financial benefits were quantified on industry R&D costs and returns. The model assessed several different project types and the top line results included mean financial benefits exceeding $100 million and mean timeline savings of >12 months. Ready to accelerate your drug development? Discover Translational Pharmaceutics® Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Solutions Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/terms-website-use
Terms of Website Use | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Terms of Website Use Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Terms of Website Use PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE These terms tell you the rules for using our website www.quotientsciences.com (our site). Please note if you use our volunteer website www.weneedyou.co.uk then separate terms apply which can be found on that site. WHO WE ARE AND HOW TO CONTACT US www.quotientsciences.com is a site operated by Quotient Sciences Limited (”We”). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 05221615 and have our registered office at Trent House Mere Way, Ruddington Fields Business Park, Ruddington, Nottingham, NG11 6JS, England. To contact us, please telephone our customer service line on +44 115 974 9000. BY USING OUR SITE YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site. We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference. THERE ARE OTHER TERMS THAT MAY APPLY TO YOU These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site: • Our Privacy Policy , which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate. • Our Cookie Policy , which sets out information about the cookies on our site. WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO THESE TERMS We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time. These terms were most recently updated on 21.12.2017. WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO OUR SITE We may update and change our site from time to time to reflect our users’ needs and our business priorities. WE MAY SUSPEND OR WITHDRAW OUR SITE Our site is made available free of charge. We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them. Our site is directed to people residing in the United Kingdom. We do not represent that content available on or through our site is appropriate for use or available in other locations. HOW YOU MAY USE MATERIAL ON OUR SITE We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged. You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors. If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. PROHIBITED USES You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site: • In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation. • In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect. • To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware. You also agree: • Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the other provisions of these terms of website use. • Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt: • any part of our site; • any equipment or network on which our site is stored; • any software used in the provision of our site; or • any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party. BREACH OF THIS POLICY When we consider that a breach of this acceptable use policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate. Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of these terms upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions: • Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site. • Issue of a warning to you. • Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach. • Further legal action against you. • Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary or as required by law. We exclude our liability for all action we may take in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The actions we may take are not limited to those described above, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate. DO NOT RELY ON INFORMATION ON THIS SITE The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR WEBSITES WE LINK TO Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. OUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE SUFFERED BY YOU Whether you are a consumer or a business user: We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation. If you are a business user: • We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it. • We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with: • use of, or inability to use, our site; or • use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site. • In particular, we will not be liable for: • loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue; • business interruption; • loss of anticipated savings; • loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or • any indirect or consequential loss or damage. If you are a consumer user: Please note that we only provide our site for business use. You agree not to use our site for any domestic and private use, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR VIRUSES AND YOU MUST NOT INTRODUCE THEM We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software. You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately. RULES ABOUT LINKING TO OUR SITE You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you. Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page . We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in these terms. If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact us at: Chief Compliance Officer, Trent House Mere Way, Ruddington Fields Business Park, Ruddington, Nottingham, NG11 6JS, England. WHICH COUNTRY’S LAWS APPLY TO ANY DISPUTES? If you are a business, these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/cookies
Cookies Policy | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Cookies Policy Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Cookies Policy Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. We use the following cookies: Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services. Analytical and performance cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies. From our website, you may also choose to opt out of cookies or adjust your preferences using the consent banner at any time. You may also adjust your web browser settings to block cookies. If you choose to do either of these, you may not be able to access all or parts of our website. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/tobi-williams
Tobi Williams - Senior Director of Business Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Tobi Williams Senior Director of Business Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Tobi Williams - Senior Director of Business Development About Tobi is a Senior Director of Business Development whose role is to meet and assist drug development customers by completing Phase I clinical trials 6-12 months faster than the traditional development cycle leveraging Quotient Sciences' uniquely integrated services. He is US East Coast-based and works with biotech and pharma businesses located in PA, DE, NJ, MD and VA. Topics of interest Drug Development Translational Pharmaceutics Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/dr-stephen-mcquaker
Dr. Stephen McQuaker - Director, Drug Development Consulting | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Stephen McQuaker Director, Drug Development Consulting Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Stephen McQuaker - Director, Drug Development Consulting About Dr. Stephen McQuaker has over 10 years of experience across a range of chemical industries including pharmaceuticals, flavor and fragrance, and fast-moving consumer goods. He is experienced in upstream and downstream roles, including process research and development, new technology and formulation development, as well as in pilot plant and commercial-scale manufacturing support functions. He has first-hand experience with drug candidate development programs through non-clinical and early clinical phases, including GMP drug substance manufacturing at a multi-kilogram scale, using both batch processing and continuous flow technologies. Stephen holds a PhD in organic chemistry from the University of Glasgow and has also conducted academic research in the areas of synthetic organic chemistry and chemical biology, at the State University of New York at Stony Brook (NY, USA) and the Buck Institute for Research on Aging (CA, USA). Topics of interest Drug Development Consulting Drug Development Formulation Development Commercial Manufacturing Drug Substance Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers

