
 
https://www.quotientsciences.com
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about
About Us | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact About Us Accelerating drug development with a range of integrated CDMO/CRO services for over three decades, with experience on more than 3,000 molecules. Watch video Loading... What We Do Who are Quotient Sciences? Quotient Sciences has worked with customers as a trusted partner, providing contract research and manufacturing expertise across all stages of small molecule and synthetic peptide drug development for the last 30 years. Learn more about who we are and the value we bring, all driven by our mission to improve global health and bring molecules to cures, fast, for those in need. At a Glance Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Our Manifesto Science. Agility. Culture. Our foundational principles of science, agility and culture define Quotient Sciences and drive each of our team members to do what we do, in the way that we do it. Our Principles Careers at Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for drug development, Translational Pharmaceutics ® , has been proven to reduce time and cost for more than 15 years. Our Platform More about Quotient Sciences At A Glance We aim to accelerate drug development for our customers, providing uniquely integrated programs and a range of tailored services. Learn More Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast. Because humanity needs solutions. Fast. Where science and agility integrate, we cut through silos across a range of drug devel... Learn More Our Principles Science. Agility. Culture. Intertwined, these are the principles that define Quotient Sciences. They allow us to do what we do, which benefits you, ou... Learn More Customer Testimonials Learn about our customer successes, and how our global pharma and biotech customers trust our scientific expertise to deliver medicines to patients, f... Learn More Our Heritage Since 1990, Quotient Sciences has transformed into a renowned, global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. Learn More Diversity & Inclusion Learn more about DE&I at Quotient Sciences. Learn More Awards & Achievements We have an unswerving belief that humanity needs solutions, fast. We are proud to receive the recognition that helps our customers achieve their goals... Learn More Our Board of Directors Our leadership board of directors influences all aspects of the company. It is committed to our long-term ambitions while ensuring our people are supp... Learn More Ask The Experts Our scientific experts are here to help you with your drug development challenges. Learn More Locations Quotient Sciences operates from state-of-the-art manufacturing and clinical facilities in the U.S. and U.K. Learn More Translational Pharmaceutics® Our unique platform has been proven to accelerate drug development for over 15 years. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-substance
Drug Substance Manufacturing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Substance Development & Manufacturing Tailored drug substance services to suit your needs. Learn about our drug substance synthesis and manufacturing capabilities. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Drug Substance Reduce drug substance manufacturing costs by 50% from preclinical to Phase I. Loading... Quotient Sciences provides drug substance synthesis and manufacturing services from candidate selection through to commercial production. Download Info Sheet A streamlined approach to developing drug substance With our tactical deployment of best-in-class technologies, we minimize chemistry costs and move your drug substance supply off the critical path. To best support our customers' needs, we have made significant investments in technologies and equipment to meet the increasing demand for complex small-scale drug substance manufacturing. Our streamlined approach to developing drug substances has been shown to reduce manufacturing costs by 50% from pre-clinical to Phase I. The First Kilograms of GMP Drug Substance Learn more about our capabilities in our latest whitepaper. Download Whitepaper At a Glance We move your drug substance supply off the critical path We always strive to produce economical processes for high-purity drug substances that can be rapidly scaled from grams to multi-kilograms. Our highly experienced chemistry, analytical, and drug development teams can support route selection, process development, critical process parameter (CPP) definition, experimental design (DoE), and impurity tracking/control, as well as developing bespoke and innovative solutions for our customers' technically difficult challenges. Reduce drug substance manufacturing costs by 50% from pre-clinical to Phase I We adopt a streamlined approach to developing drug substances at our state-of-the-art facility in Alnwick, UK. This has been shown to reduce manufacturing costs by 50% from pre-clinical to Phase I. Significant investments in technologies and equipment At our facility in Alnwick, UK we have made some significant investments in equipment and technologies to meet the increasing demand for complex small-scale drug substance manufacturing. Bringing four decades of experience to optimize drug substance manufacturing processes We pride ourselves on quickly delivering high-purity drug substances and can rapidly scale up manufacturing at our cutting-edge facility. With more than 40 years of experience in synthetic organic chemistry, coupled with extensive expertise in flow chemistry, synthetic biology, and biocatalysis, we can optimize manufacturing processes and save months of development time for our customers. Rapidly scale up manufacturing at our cutting-edge Alnwick facility A multi-million-pound state-of-the-art building expansion of our Alnwick, UK, facility delivers comprehensive, integrated support for customers bridging from candidate selection to early clinical development and beyond. The newly expanded space features multi-purpose capacity of up to 15 GMP reactor streams with reactor volumes ranging from 5 liters up to 150 liters and deployment of both batch or continuous flow chemistry technologies. Drug Substance Services GMP & Non-GMP Manufacturing Our facilities can provide both GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) and non-GMP drug substance manufacturing, with the ability to generate kilogram-per-... Learn More Solid State Services Our expertise in solid-form screening and selection, with material scientists working closely with drug substance chemists, can help to identify the m... Learn More Stability Testing We produce high-quality stability data through a combination of analytical, microbiological, and material science methodologies. Learn More Isotopic Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Learn More Drug Substance Process Research and Development (PR&D) Learn about our Process Research and Development services for drug substance development and manufacturing. Learn More Creating the foundation for successful API development Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Download Whitepaper Putting our decades of experience to work to move your drug substance supply off the critical path We pride ourselves on quickly delivering high-purity drug substances and can rapidly scale up manufacturing at our cutting-edge facility. With decades of experience in synthetic organic chemistry, coupled with extensive expertise in flow chemistry, synthetic biology, and biocatalysis, we can optimize manufacturing processes and save months of development time for our customers. Our highly experienced chemistry, analytical, and drug development teams can support route selection, process development, critical process parameter (CPP) definition, experimental design (DoE), and impurity tracking/control, as well as developing bespoke and innovative solutions for our customers' technically difficult challenges. Loading... A look at our facility: Drug substance manufacturing in Alnwick, UK We deliver comprehensive drug substance services from our Alnwick, UK, facility. Our recently expanded space features multi-purpose capacity of up to 15 GMP reactor streams with reactor volumes ranging from 5 liters up to 150 liters, and deployment of both batch or continuous flow chemistry technologies. Learn More Drug Substance API: What our customers say "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics
Translational Pharmaceutics®: Integrated Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Translational Pharmaceutics® Proven to accelerate drug development for over 15 years. Download Whitepaper Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics A different approach to drug development. We brought meaningful innovation to the pharmaceutical industry in 2008 with Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® – a unique drug delivery platform proven to shorten development times by more than 12 months. Proven to reduce time, cost and complexity for over 15 years. Over 15 years and more than 500 programs completed, Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform is still a proven choice to accelerate molecules through development and reach the market, faster. Download Fact Sheet Integrated capabilities for drug substance, clinical testing & drug product development. Translational Pharmaceutics® accelerates molecules through development by integrating traditionally siloed services. Drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing activities are traditionally siloed. Oftentimes, multiple providers are selected to handle these activities, creating handovers between providers that add time and cost to the drug development process. The Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform allows us to optimize your drug development needs. By integrating those activities, we help you reach key milestones as quickly and efficiently as possible. Understanding the dependencies between drug substance properties, formulation design, and clinical outcomes enables us to enhance development efficiency and help you achieve your goals at each development stage: Bridging from candidate development to first in human (FIH) studies Accelerating molecules from FIH to proof of concept (POC) Rapid drug product optimization Manufacturing your product at commercial scale Image Contact Us Benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics® A faster, integrated approach to drug development. Timeline acceleration by 12 months or more Cost savings in R&D spend Better decisions based on emerging human clinical data Provides flexibility to adjust formulation composition within a study Conserves drug substance by up to 85% Streamlines & simplifies vendor management & supply chain Validated by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development The Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for drug development has been used on over 500 drug programs. The financial benefits and time savings were quantified in a publication by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD). Read The Report What our customers say about Translational Pharmaceutics® Read real insight from small and large pharmaceutical and biotech companies about their experiences working with Quotient Sciences and leveraging our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for their drug program. Ready to discuss how Translational Pharmaceutics® can be applied to save time and cost in your next drug program? Contact us today. Let's Talk Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio Drug Product Optimization Unique and innovative formulations help our customers achieve their drug program goals. Find out about our rapid formulation optimization programs. Learn More Now With Drug Substance Seamless coordination between drug substance and drug product manufacturing results in efficient and accelerated drug development. Learn More Tufts Report Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) compares the savings and financial benefits for drug developers that use Translational Pharmaceu... Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-product
Drug Product Development & Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Product Development & Manufacturing Science-first, we provide individually tailored or integrated drug product services from formulation development to clinical trial manufacturing and commercial production. Contact Us Home Drug Product An experienced, flexible drug product development and manufacturing partner. Drug product development and optimization can be challenging due to the increasing complexity of biotherapeutics and the changing regulatory landscape slowing it down. Quotient Sciences' partner with you to bring life-changing medicines to patients, fast. At Quotient Sciences, we have over 30 years of expertise in a wide range of drug product services for all common dosage forms Quotient Sciences' expertise and integrated capabilities can take your molecule through discovery, pre-formulation and formulation activities, through to the manufacture of clinical trial materials. We help you bring your product to market as quickly as possible through our breadth of services and expertise. We streamline the transition from pre-formulation to clinical, and commercial supply. We are also experienced in analytical services for all phases of drug product development and commercial manufacture and also offer a unique delivery platform called Translational Pharmaceutics® . This is a trusted and proven platform, launched in 2008, that can shorten drug development times by more than 12 months. At a Glance 1\. Preformulation assessment and formulation development At Quotient Sciences, we emphasize the importance of data-driven decisions in early development. We prioritize the key API characterization data required, which allows our scientific experts to recommend the selection of the appropriate API form as well as inform a data-driven strategy for preclinical and clinical pharmaceutical development based on the Developability Classification System (DCS). With unparalleled biopharmaceutical experience, we factor in and anticipate clinical considerations as well as the in vitro performance of pharmaceutical formulations. Early laboratory prototyping is performed on bench-scale equipment, which mirrors both small-scale and mid-to-large-scale GMP manufacturing, to de-risk process scale-up and development should the molecule achieve its early clinical endpoints. 2\. Clinical development and accelerating to proof-of-concept (POC) Our experts provide the full spectrum of manufacturing and supply paradigms, from traditional large batch manufacturing, through bright stock distribution and personalized manufacturing. There are compelling drivers for small batch sizes, such as conservation of API, and dose flexibility to meet individual subject needs and reduced stability needs. Fundamentally, with personalized manufacturing, the product is made on-demand, only when needed based on patient requirements. Overall, this alternative approach offers a reduction in waste and cost, while maximizing the potential for clinical success. 3\. Formulation optimization and validation of product performance in humans We have demonstrated that formulation flexibility in healthy volunteer trials can be used to develop 'patient-ready' formulations for oncology molecules in less than half the time of the industry standard. This is accomplished by the close integration of real-time manufacturing and clinical testing, also known as Translational Pharmaceutics, which uses a 14-day 'make-test' cycle, enabling formulation decisions to be made based on emerging human data. 4\. Process development, scale-up and clinical manufacturing for Phase II/III Recognizing the need to move rapidly through clinical development, we can efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes from Phase I to meet the demands of later clinical trial requirements and ensure a seamless transition to larger-scale manufacturing and drug product commercialization. 5\. Commercial manufacturing and supply We work with our customers to configure a robust manufacturing and supply chain to meet their needs. We continue to invest in small-scale commercial equipment to broaden the technologies and product formats available and ensure seamless continuity throughout the development life cycle. We can accelerate development programs through registration and process validation and our manufacturing facilities support batch sizes ranging from less than 1 kg to over 500 kg for solid oral dosage forms and up to 350 L for liquid formats. Whether you are preparing for ANDA, NDA, MAA, or Japanese NDA, Quotient Sciences has the expertise and regulatory approval to manufacture your registration and validation batches for the U.S., U.K., Europe, and Japan. Our expert team also has significant experience in supporting 505(b)(2) and all post-approval change filings. Drug Product Services Formulation Development We have over 30 years of experience in formulation development services for small molecules and synthetic peptides. We create simple and complex dosag... Learn More Clinical Trial Manufacturing Tailored to meet the needs of clinical trial design and clinical manufacturing, focused on producing drugs for use in clinical research. Learn More Commercial Manufacturing Quotient Sciences manufactures a range of simple to complex dosage forms, with a track record of working with higher-value products that may require l... Learn More Global Clinical Trial Supplies We can facilitate global clinical trial supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. Our clinical trial supply team works with you ... Learn More Drug Product Development and Manufacturing At Quotient Sciences we diligently accelerate your candidate through the drug product development pathway, quickly and safely. Whether you are looking for the development of a preclinical formulation or the manufacture of clinical trial material, our drug product experts are on-hand to collaborate with you. Together we make sure that you meet your molecule’s milestones promptly, solving problems, saving time and overcoming the most complex development challenges. Our Manifesto Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Formulation Development Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology
Clinical Pharmacology | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Clinical Pharmacology Integrated first-in-human and clinical pharmacology programs that help you make critical decisions earlier. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Integrated, seamless studies. Partner with us to develop your integrated early drug development program When you are looking for a partner who is dedicated to Phase I trials and early drug development, rely on us. We accelerate your molecule from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) , helping you make critical decisions earlier. For any clinical pharmacology study you require, you can expect a fully integrated program , from study design to data reporting. Contact us today and learn how you can leverage our expertise from more than 1,300 Phase I studies completed to benefit your next program. Get Started At a Glance Proven track record spanning over 30 years Our experience spans more than 30 years and 1,300 Phase I studies, including FIH (SAD/ MAD), DDI, TQT, bioavailability, food effect, and 14C ADME studies. Ability to rapidly recruit large groups of volunteers Accelerate your study startup at our clinical units in Miami (U.S.) and Nottingham (U.K.) with industry-leading IRB/EC and CTA approval timelines. In addition, 99 percent of our studies start on time, 98 percent enroll with full cohorts, and 99 percent of our subjects are retained throughout. If you need to access a challenging healthy volunteer population for your study, we rapidly recruit large cohorts of volunteers. More than 1,300 Phase I studies completed Leverage our experience in all dosage forms, and save time with our strategic approach. For over 30 years, our drug product teams have helped formulate compounds and develop scalable drug products to transition customers from Phase I into Phase II patient trials and beyond. Integrated first-in-human and clinical pharmacology programs Our fully integrated programs are led by experienced project managers alongside industry-leading Phase I medical directors who are experts in first-in-human (FIH) and drug-drug interaction (DDI) and thorough QT (TQT) studies. Accelerate your molecule from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) We accelerate your molecule from first-in-human to proof-of-concept, helping you make critical decisions earlier. How? Our in-house data sciences team rapidly delivers clinical data and insights to move you on to the next milestone as fast as possible. Experience and Study Types Over 30 years of expertise to seamlessly deliver your studies with the highest quality service and speed. FIH (single ascending dose [SAD]/multiple ascending dose [MAD]) Relative bioavailability/ pharmacokinetics Drug-drug interaction (DDI) Food effect Thorough QT (TQT)/cardiac safety Bioequivalence Biosimilars 14 C ADME/mass balance Isotopic labeling Gamma scintigraphy POC Pharmacodynamics/biomarkers Japanese bridging Dedicated to the success of your Phase I study We deliver full-service programs on time, within budget, and to the highest quality to meet your rigorous requirements and those of the regulatory agencies. Our purpose-built Phase I units are located in Miami, FL and Nottingham, UK and are UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)- and US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-inspected. Our global capacity of 229 beds and database of more than 25,000 healthy volunteers who can be recruited to participate in your trial. Your dedicated early-phase project manager will provide you with a customized service and third-party management/oversight, and work with our experienced team of physicians and investigators to deliver your program. Learn more about our approach to project management. Access to special populations for your Phase I trial We have a database of more than 25,000 healthy volunteers and can help you also recruit the right groups to meet the needs of your program. Ages 65 and older Post-menopausal Male and female infertility Hypertensive Type II diabetics Asthma Allergic rhinitis Obese Healthy smokers Gastrointestinal diseases Japanese Benefit from dedicated study resources We have the experience and expertise to seamlessly deliver your studies with the highest quality service and speed. If you need a fully integrated solution, including data management, data analysis, statistics, and medical writing, Quotient Sciences is your answer . Clinical pharmacology expertise, including FIH (SAD/MAD), DDI, food effect, and ADME experience Experienced project managers- guiding your study to successful on-time delivery, within budget and to the highest quality On-site pharmacy compounding and integrated real-time adaptive Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing Formulation development for all dosage forms, including oral solutions and suspensions, capsules and tablets, sterile preparations (intravenous [IV] and subcutaneous [SC]), inhaled and nasal devices, topical creams and gels Early-phase data sciences group providing full-service data management, statistics, and medical writing Regulatory support to ensure a seamless FDA or MHRA submission and approval process for clinical trial applications Clinical Pharmacology Facilities Miami, USA Over 650 Phase I clinical studies completed 144-bed clinical unit with dedicated FIH wards On-site pharmacy , with clean rooms for aseptic products 19,000 active healthy volunteers in our database Recruitment for special subject populations Spotlight on Miami Facility Details Nottingham, UK Over 650 Phase I studies completed Clinical unit with a dedicated 14 C ADME ward and laboratory On-site pharmaceutical laboratories and GMP manufacturing 7,000 active healthy volunteers in our database 45 Phase I CTA submissions annually (more than any other UK unit) Spotlight on Nottingham Facility Details What's new in Clinical Pharmacology? Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism, and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects Learn More Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Learn More Drug Substance, Clinical Pharmacology Innovation Spotlight: Will Psychedelics Revolutionize the Treatment of Mental Illnesses? By: Emilie Bergström Learn More Explore Additional Services from Quotient Sciences Isotopic Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Learn More First in human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) Accelerating molecules to POC. Learn More Human ADME Studies How can we simplify the delivery of your human ADME study? Learn More Regulatory Affairs How do we ensure your high-quality regulatory submissions? Learn More Modeling and Simulation We help pinpoint the question you need to answer and identify the data you need to collect to enhance your clinical development program. Learn More Integrated Pharmacy Compounding and GMP Manufacturing We help you accelerate through to first-in-human testing and seamlessly supply drug product into your clinical trials. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/oncology
Oncology CRO:CDMO Services & Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Oncology How can I accelerate the development of my oncology drug candidate? Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Solutions Oncology Leverage a smarter strategy for optimizing oncology drug products. Loading... The World Cancer Research Fund International estimated that there were 18.1 million cancer cases around the world as of 2020, impacting men and women almost equally. Early identification, prevention, and treatment of cancer remain critical global health challenges. Our aim is to help you push the boundaries of scientific knowledge, working alongside you to transform oncology medicines and make an impact for those in need. Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection through to commercial manufacture and supply The majority of new oncology drugs in development face formulation challenges. Our extensive formulation development expertise coupled with our agile and flexible approach to clinical and commercial manufacturing makes us the ideal partner to provide an end-to-end solution for the development of oncology drug products. In the past 5 years alone, we have worked on over 400 oncology development projects for 91 different oncology drug candidates and 34 different disease indications. A range of oncology drug development services and expertise We offer tailored services that span across—and within—areas of drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing and manufacturing. This means that we can support your program from end-to-end, up to the commercial supply of your drug, to simplify your outsourcing while saving time and money. Connect with us today to learn how we can help support the drug development and manufacturing needs of your oncology program. Download Whitepaper Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Our strategy to help you bring new oncology treatments to market, fast. 1\. Preformulation assessment and formulation development At Quotient Sciences, we emphasize the importance of data-driven decisions in early development. We prioritize the key API characterization data required, which allows our scientific experts to recommend the selection of the appropriate API form as well as inform a data-driven strategy for preclinical and clinical pharmaceutical development based on the Developability Classification System (DCS). With unparalleled biopharmaceutical experience, we factor in and anticipate clinical considerations as well as the in vitro performance of pharmaceutical formulations. Early laboratory prototyping is performed on bench-scale equipment, which mirrors both small-scale and mid-to-large-scale GMP manufacturing, to de-risk process scale-up and development should the molecule achieve its early clinical endpoints. 2\. Clinical development and accelerating to proof-of-concept (POC) Our experts provide the full spectrum of manufacturing and supply paradigms, from traditional large batch manufacturing, through bright stock distribution and personalized manufacturing. There are compelling drivers for small batch sizes, such as conservation of API, and dose flexibility to meet individual subject needs and reduced stability needs. Fundamentally, with personalized manufacturing, the product is made on-demand, only when needed based on patient requirements. Overall, this alternative approach offers a reduction in waste and cost, while maximizing the potential for clinical success. 3\. Formulation optimization and validation of product performance in humans We have demonstrated that formulation flexibility in healthy volunteer trials can be used to develop 'patient-ready' formulations for oncology molecules in less than half the time of the industry standard. This is accomplished by the close integration of real-time manufacturing and clinical testing, also known as Translational Pharmaceutics, which uses a 14-day 'make-test' cycle, enabling formulation decisions to be made based on emerging human data. 4\. Process development, scale-up and clinical manufacturing for Phase II/III Recognizing the need to move rapidly through clinical development, we can efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes from Phase I to meet the demands of later clinical trial requirements and ensure a seamless transition to larger-scale manufacturing and drug product commercialization. 5\. Commercial manufacturing and supply We work with our customers to configure a robust manufacturing and supply chain to meet their needs. We continue to invest in small-scale commercial equipment to broaden the technologies and product formats available and ensure seamless continuity throughout the development life cycle. We can accelerate development programs through registration and process validation and our manufacturing facilities support batch sizes ranging from less than 1 kg to over 500 kg for solid oral dosage forms and up to 350 L for liquid formats. Whether you are preparing for ANDA, NDA, MAA, or Japanese NDA, Quotient Sciences has the expertise and regulatory approval to manufacture your registration and validation batches for the U.S., U.K., Europe, and Japan. Our expert team also has significant experience in supporting 505(b)(2) and all post-approval change filings. Ask the experts Consult our scientific panel Meet Our Team What our customers have to say Read real testimonials from our customers about their experiences bringing their oncology drug programs to us. "Quotient Sciences' has been a great partner to work with. Their project management was top-notch and costs remained within budget throughout our collaboration. Their scheduling and execution have been impeccable; the program has run like clockwork. As a client, you can’t really ask for more!" Dr. Ofir Moreno Vice President , MEI Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology "Quotient Sciences' has been a great partner to work with. Their project management was top-notch and costs remained within budget throughout our collaboration. Their scheduling and execution have been impeccable; the program has run like clockwork. As a client, you can’t really ask for more!" Dr. Ofir Moreno Vice President , MEI Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology "Quotient Sciences' has been a great partner to work with. Their project management was top-notch and costs remained within budget throughout our collaboration. Their scheduling and execution have been impeccable; the program has run like clockwork. As a client, you can’t really ask for more!" Dr. Ofir Moreno Vice President , MEI Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services
Tailored Drug Development Services | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Tailored Drug Development & Manufacturing Services A comprehensive range of services and industry-leading expertise for your program Watch video Loading... Contact Us One Partner From candidate selection through to commercial supply, we offer both standalone and integrated services that help you across all stages of drug development. 30+ Years Experience We bring deep expertise in drug development, along with a multidisciplinary scientific team, to your program. Over 3,000 Molecules We have helped leading pharma and biotech companies develop and manufacture a range of treatments, for simple up to the most challenging molecules. Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Our Manifesto Leverage our development and manufacturing expertise, to benefit your business. Drug Substance Learn about our drug substance synthesis and manufacturing capabilities including recent technical and capability updates to our Alnwick, UK facility. Learn More Formulation Development We have over 30 years of experience in formulation development services for small molecules and synthetic peptides. We create simple and complex dosag... Learn More Clinical Trial Manufacturing Tailored to meet the needs of clinical trial design and clinical manufacturing, focused on producing drugs for use in clinical research. Learn More Commercial Manufacturing Quotient Sciences manufactures a range of simple to complex dosage forms, with a track record of working with higher-value products that may require l... Learn More Clinical Pharmacology When you are looking for a partner who is dedicated to Phase I trials and early development, rely on Quotient Sciences. We accelerate your molecule fr... Learn More Bioanalysis Highly sensitive bioanalytical techniques enable the identification and quantification of analytes, such as small molecules, peptides, proteins, nucle... Learn More Data Sciences You need data rapidly to make crucial decisions during a study. Faster data means we can provide our customers with earlier interim data and interim P... Learn More Drug Development Consulting Our consultants have a proven track-record of cutting across industry silos to reduce the time and cost of development. With hands-on development exp... Learn More Drug Product Our consultants have a proven track-record of cutting across industry silos to reduce the time and cost of development. With hands-on development exp... Learn More 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions
Pharma Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Your molecules. Our solutions. Humanity can't afford to wait. We are committed to helping you develop new medicines for patients in need. Fast. Watch video Loading... Contact Us What's your challenge? Our solutions accelerate your drug program from discovery and development, through to commercialization. Discover how we can help you. Solutions for your drug development phase and candidates What are your goals? At all stages of drug development, we are always focused on understanding and meeting your program's goals. Learn More By therapeutic area Together, we can get life-changing treatments and medicines to patients, faster. Learn More By specialized manufacturing need As an integrated development and manufacturing partner, we can maximize the potential of your drug product. Learn More By development stage How we can help your drug candidate reach its potential and accelerate the drug development process end-to-end. Learn More At Quotient Sciences, we know what it takes to develop a successful drug. Whether you're in need of a specialized manufacturing capability or have a question about the best strategy for your molecule type, we can help. Meet our experts and ask a question about your drug development challenge. Ask Our Experts Our integration of scientific capabilities enable us to provide a complete assessment of the developability of a molecule. This allows us to quickly identify the best drug candidates – the potential winners – for your program. Coupled with our agile and adaptive approach to project management, our teams ensure that projects are delivered on-time and on-budget, allowing you to mitigate risks and shorten the time to reach the clinic. Take a glimpse at our integrated service offerings. Integrated Programs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/integrated-programs
Integrated Drug Development Programs | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrated Programs enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerating development to get your molecules to patients. Fast. Contact Us Turnkey solutions for accelerating drug development. We integrate solutions that you would typically find when outsourcing to multiple contract manufacturing and research companies. Leverage one organization, Quotient Sciences, to streamline and accelerate your drug program. Streamline how you bring your molecule to market. Our integrated capabilities help advance molecules across the full development cycle, shortening the time it takes to bring new treatments to market. We provide pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization, first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services to support your drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Learn More Early Development Accelerating molecules through to proof-of-concept. Learn More Late Development Accelerating products from proof-of-concept (POC) through to commercial manufacture. Learn More Your partner to bring new treatments to market. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we have worked with countless companies across the pharmaceutical industry over the last 30 years. Speak with one of our experts to learn more about our capabilities and how we can help you reach your program's milestones. Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/glance
At A Glance | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact At a Glance We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. Watch video Loading... What We Do Home About Us At A Glance Who we are and what we do A global drug development and manufacturing accelerator Quotient Sciences supports customers across the entire drug development pathway. We've provided integrated contract research, development, and manufacturing services for many of the leading Fortune 100 global pharma and biotech companies, bringing deep expertise and trusted insight to every program. Our capabilities and services include: Drug substance development and manufacturing \- Comprehensive drug substance services that help reduce costs from preclinical to Phase I, including bioanalytical testing , GMP and non-GMP manufacturing , and isotopically labeled/14C materials manufacturing. Drug product development and manufacturing \- We're equipped to handle both simple, powder-in-capsule (PIC) and powder-in-bottle (PIB) formulations as well as more complex formulations, requiring modified release , solubility enhancement , and other technologies. Clinical trial manufacturing and clinical pharmacology \- We support real-time clinical manufacturing and supply for all phases of development. Our capabilities also include the ability to design and execute Phase I healthy volunteer clinical trials from our Miami, FL and Nottingham, UK clinics. Explore Our Services Explore Integrated Programs Quotient Sciences' Translational Pharmaceutics® platform A more streamlined and integrated approach to outsourcing that saves time and money. Learn More Global expertise in drug development From formulation development through to commercial manufacturing, we are drug development experts. We deliver integrated programs and a range of tailored services from state-of-the-art development, manufacturing and clinical testing facilities in the U.S. and U.K. Over the past three decades, we've worked with customers on over 3,000 molecules, across all stages of development. Browse Case Studies Read Customer Testimonials Leverage our scientific expertise for your next program Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Be part of our mission to bring new treatments to patients. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we are a trusted partner to the pharmaceutical industry. Make your mark at Quotient Sciences and help make a difference for global health. Careers at Quotient Sciences Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news
News | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Latest News Read the latest updates from Quotient Sciences. Contact Us Home News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More 1 - 5 of 107 results Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences’ Dr. Andrew Lewis Receives 2024 Distinguished Service Award from Controlled Release Society (CRS) Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences’ Dr. Andrew Lewis Receives 2024 Distinguished Service Award from Controlled Release Society (CRS) Dr. Andrew Lewis, Quotient Sciences’ Chief Scientific Officer, has been recognized by the Controlled Release Society (CRS) as a recipient of the 2024 Distinguished Service Award. Learn more Translational Pharmaceutics® Quotient Sciences speaks with Outsourcing Pharma on what's ahead for CPhI By: Liza Laws Translational Pharmaceutics® Quotient Sciences speaks with Outsourcing Pharma on what's ahead for CPhI By: Liza Laws This article from Outsourcing Pharma describes how our team at Quotient Sciences is looking forward to reconnecting with customers and giving them a preview of how we are looking to expand Translational Pharmaceutics further within the US a... Learn more News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann In a recent interview with Outsourcing Pharma, Dr. Vanessa Zann, Senior Drug Development Consultant, speaks about her experience and the impact that Quotient Sciences has on drug development. Learn more News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove In a recent article with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub, Quotient Sciences executives speak to industry trends including artificial intelligence (Ai). Learn more News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Major changes to Quotient Sciences commercial and scientific executive leadership team strengthen our position as a global leader in the sector. Learn more Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 … Next page Next › Last page Last » Learn more about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Ready to get started? Schedule a meeting with us at an upcoming industry event. Contact Us See Events Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/outsourcing-pharma-interview-dr-vanessa-zann
Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann News & Announcements , Dr. Vanessa Zann , artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann In a recent interview with Outsourcing Pharma, Dr. Vanessa Zann, Senior Drug Development Consultant, speaks about her experience and Quotient Sciences' impact on drug development. Dr. Zann highlights her past experience at Astra Zeneca and how she has carried that into her role at Quotient Sciences, noting the paramount importance of human data in guiding drug development decisions. She highlights case studies where Quotient Sciences has assisted in developing abuse-resistant opioid medications, notably with Ensysce Biosciences , and the role of artificial intelligence (Ai) in transforming drug development. "AI has immense potential to streamline data analysis, predict formulation outcomes, and accelerate drug development processes. As AI continues to evolve, it promises to revolutionize pharmaceutical research and development, ushering in a new era of innovation and efficiency." Read Delving into Quotient Science's pharma research and development on the Outsourcing Pharma website. Meet the author: Dr. Vanessa Zann Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/executive-interview-dcat-life-sciences-knowledge-hub-featuring-thierry-van-nieuwenhove
Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove News & Announcements , Interviews , Thierry Van Nieuwenhove , artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove In a recent article with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub, Quotient Sciences executives speak to industry trends including artificial intelligence (Ai) Thierry Van Nieuwenhove and Kieron Hall, Chief Marketing Officer, share insight about the role of artificial intelligence (Ai) and its impact to contract pharmaceutical manufacturing . “I think AI is a revolution for the industry,” says Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, CEO of Quotient Sciences, “This is really what’s going to change the industry substantially. And the whole industry is still looking at how this could actually accumulate, being implemented into the shop and into the value chain of developing a drug but also later on of adding a drug on the market.” Read the full article , "Looking Back at DCAT Week 2024," on the Life Sciences Knowledge Hub website. Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-strengthens-its-top-team-three-new-appointments
Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Pictured left to right: Dr. Andrew Lewis, Kieron Hall, Eric Bironneau NOTTINGHAM, UK; 18 March 2024 – Drug development and manufacturing accelerator Quotient Sciences has announced major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. New appointments include Dr. Andrew Lewis as Chief Scientific Officer, Kieron Hall as Chief Marketing Officer, and Eric Bironneau as Chief Business Officer who will each play a critical role in Quotient Sciences growth and strategic direction. In his new role as Chief Scientific Officer, Dr. Andrew Lewis has responsibility for the company’s scientific and technological innovation. Andrew will lead the team of Drug Development Consultants and Scientific Research Fellows to grow Quotient Sciences’ global scientific expertise and recognition. During his eight years with Quotient Sciences, Andrew has held various scientific leadership positions, most recently as Senior Vice President, Pharmaceutical Development. Prior to joining Quotient Sciences, Andrew was Director of Novel Drug Delivery Technologies at Ipsen. Kieron Hall’s appointment as Chief Marketing Officer will see him lead the company’s strategic and growth initiatives and marketing organization. Kieron has been with the company in various global commercial leadership positions for more than 16 years, including Chief Commercial Officer. He was Head of Business Development in Europe for Cyprotex (an Evotec company) before joining Quotient Sciences. Eric Bironneau has joined the company as Chief Business Officer, with responsibility for Quotient Sciences’ commercial organization across drug substance, drug product, and Translational Pharmaceutics® commercial lines, as well as for Quotient Sciences’ strategic partnerships. Eric brings over two decades of commercial leadership experience to the company, including serving as Vice President, Global Sales & Business Development at Axplora and Novasep. These latest changes come off the back of Thierry Van Nieuwenhove joining the company as CEO last October succeeding their long-standing leader Mark Egerton, who retired after 18 years with the company. “We are committed to continuing our strategy of accelerating drug development, bringing new medicines to patients faster by breaking down traditional industry silos and leading with a science-first mindset for how we deliver customer programs,” said Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, CEO of Quotient Sciences. “I am excited to work with Andrew, Kieron, and Eric in their new roles, along with the rest of our leadership team, to continue to grow Quotient Sciences as a global leader in drug development.” Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/drug-development
Drug Development: Accelerate Your Program | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact What are your drug development goals? We are focused on meeting your goals. Contact Us Home Solutions What are your goals? Lets understand your challenges and goals, and accelerate your program. From drug candidate selection, early development through late development and commercial supply, there are many stages and challenges to overcome to meet your programs goals. Quotient Sciences is uniquely positioned at any stage to partner with you. Why are you uniquely positioned to help my drug program move forwards, toward my goals? We are a renowned global drug development accelerator. Our unique and innovative approach to development extends beyond traditional CRO & CDMO outsourcing paradigms by providing an integrated platform that combines drug substance, formulation development, real-time adaptive manufacturing and clinical testing under one organization and a single program manager. We have over 30 years of experience in small molecule drug substance synthesis and manufacturing, drug product formulation development, clinical trial manufacturing, commercial launch and supply as well as our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® drug accelerator platform. An end-to-end drug development partner you can trust. We partner with emerging biotechnology and large pharmaceutical companies to develop the next generations of therapies that make a difference for those that need them the most. Customer Testimonials Leverage our integrated programs to bridge molecule discovery into clinical development Bringing together over a century of industry experience to your program, Quotient Sciences recently introduced a collaboration with Charles River who have deep expertise in medicinal chemistry, biology, DMPK, early pharmaceutics, and non-clinical safety. This, coupled with Quotient Sciences' expertise in drug substance synthesis, drug product development, manufacturing, and clinical testing creates a solution with a full set of deliverables to help get your molecule 'clinic ready', and improve your chances of clinical success. Charles River Collaboration Read Blog What our customers say "Quotient Sciences has worked with us on several pediatric projects and has been very effective in translating our product concepts into successful prototype formulations. We really appreciate the way they tune in to the broader, long-term objectives of our projects and are agile in delivering specific work packages that will contribute to the overall project’s success. They are skilled in applying their extensive technical expertise and understanding of the full pediatric pharma development process. Importantly, they are great at adapting to change and tenacious when it comes to problem-solving. They have proved to be an essential resource in developing our pediatric portfolio." Clare Geesen Operations Manager , Proveca "Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials... Everything ran very smoothly. We had a very good project manager who was on top of things all the time, and there were no hitches... I would say that Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials." Dr. Andreas Konar Senior Vice President , Xspray Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology "We were impressed by how efficient the Quotient Sciences team was in helping us progress one of our key projects to a successful first in human study." Benoit Bestgen Associate Director , MMV Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences R552 is a potent and selective RIP1 kinase inhibitor that blocks inflammatory cell death downstream of death receptors. It is being developed at Rigel Pharmaceuticals for treatment of autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. We were very delighted to have Quotient Sciences on board and they worked with us on the formulation development as well as the first-in-human study of R552. During the course of project development, we were very impressed by Quotient Sciences’ responsiveness in communication, efficiency/flexibility in project management, extensive knowledge/experience in formulation development, early-phase clinical trial conduct, and safety monitoring. Quotient Sciences is one of the best development partners that we have ever worked with and would recommend it for future collaborations without any reservation. Dr. Lucy Yan Executive Medical Director , Rigel Therapeutics There is an art to the development of taste-masked oral products for pediatric indications. Quotient Sciences’ expertise in improving the taste, smell, and texture of oral formulations makes them the ideal partner for Crinetics’ pediatric clinical programs R. Scott Struthers PhD Founder & CEO , Crinetics We conducted a 14C human ADME study with Quotient Sciences… We were extremely satisfied with all aspects of the study, including project management, formulation development, manufacture, clinical conduct, and reporting. We would use Quotient Sciences again for this type of study. Oliver Schueller Senior Vice President , Kadmon, a Sanofi Company Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics "The Phase I study of CORT125134 was contracted out to Quotient Sciences, largely due to Quotient Sciences’ ability to integrate manufacturing and dosing on the same site. Dosing decisions could be made very rapidly as soon as data from the previous cohort was available - there was no need to define and manufacture all the doses up front - minimizing delay." Hazel Hunt Chief Scientific Officer , Corcept Therapeutics "Quotient Sciences’ real-time manufacturing capabilities were a key factor in determining the speed at which this study could be concluded, offering the rare combination or GMP manufacturing and clinical administration on the same site, even for complex formulations and dosage forms. This allowed us to progress much faster." Dr. Phil Collis Vice President , BioCryst Pharmaceuticals "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "Quotient Sciences' has been a great partner to work with. Their project management was top-notch and costs remained within budget throughout our collaboration. Their scheduling and execution have been impeccable; the program has run like clockwork. As a client, you can’t really ask for more!" Dr. Ofir Moreno Vice President , MEI Pharma "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "Quotient Sciences has worked with us on several pediatric projects and has been very effective in translating our product concepts into successful prototype formulations. We really appreciate the way they tune in to the broader, long-term objectives of our projects and are agile in delivering specific work packages that will contribute to the overall project’s success. They are skilled in applying their extensive technical expertise and understanding of the full pediatric pharma development process. Importantly, they are great at adapting to change and tenacious when it comes to problem-solving. They have proved to be an essential resource in developing our pediatric portfolio." Clare Geesen Operations Manager , Proveca "Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials... Everything ran very smoothly. We had a very good project manager who was on top of things all the time, and there were no hitches... I would say that Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials." Dr. Andreas Konar Senior Vice President , Xspray Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology "We were impressed by how efficient the Quotient Sciences team was in helping us progress one of our key projects to a successful first in human study." Benoit Bestgen Associate Director , MMV Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences What are your goals? Reach IND Faster How can our drug development program reach the stage of Investigational New Drug Application (IND) faster? Learn More Reach POC/NDA Faster How can our drug development program reach POC / NDA faster? Learn More Reach Commercialization Faster How can you help our drug product launch to market and provide commercial supply? Learn More Save Time & Money How can you save time and reduce our drug development and manufacturing costs? Learn More Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Therapy Areas Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics/drug-product-optimization
Drug Product Optimization | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Product Optimization Unique and innovative formulations help our customers achieve their drug program goals. Find out about our rapid formulation optimization programs. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics Drug Product Optimization Rapid 'Make-Test' cycles enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics®. Today, most new drugs require some formulation optimization during development, to help transition from early development formulation to one suitable for administration, or as part of a lifecycle management strategy. We are uniquely placed to help you. Strategies for rapid drug product formulation development and clinical testing Drug product optimization is a common step for drugs moving through development pipelines. Most new drugs require some formulation change during their development, whether to respond to suboptimal exposure profiles, to transition from an early development formulation to one suitable for administration in patients, or as part of a life-cycle management strategy. Leveraging the benefits of our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to accelerate your program Quotient Sciences’ unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform can be applied to design, manufacture, and obtain clinical data on new formulations in an accelerated timeframe. Multiple formulations can be screened, with emerging data informing the product evaluated in the next dosing period of a crossover clinical study in a 2–3-week "make-test" cycle. Use Translational Pharmaceutics® to rapidly optimize NCE's or existing drugs Translational Pharmaceutics® can be applied to drug product optimization efforts for both new chemical entities (NCEs) and during the life-cycle management of existing drugs. It also allows for the unique inclusion of a formulation design space in initial regulatory submissions and clinical protocols to iteratively optimize the quantitative composition of critical-to-performance excipients and dosage strengths relative to clinical performance. Our unique approach to drug product optimization: Saves time by reducing the chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) data package needed for your clinical assessments Maximizes flexibility by allowing you to fine-tune formulation compositions Increases the potential for success by facilitating decisions based on clinical data Conserves the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) by removing drug product scale-up from the critical path Translational Pharmaceutics® has supported our customers through: Evaluation and selection of solubilization technologies • Optimization of modified-release systems Improvement of taste, palatability, and acceptability for pediatric indications Changing routes of delivery Development of combination products Understanding quality by design (QbD) of product and process variables What our customers say Our team works with our customers to design a customized program to deliver your objectives in the most timely and cost-efficient way. We have completed more than 300 formulation optimization programs, involving the clinical evaluation of more than 1,000 formulations. We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/cdmo
More than a CDMO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrated drug contract manufacturing capabilities Quotient Sciences provides integrated, end-to-end solutions and services to accelerate drug development and drug manufacturing that make us more than just a CDMO. Discover Services Contact Us Home CDMO We are more than a traditional CDMO. Quotient Sciences is a global, integrated drug development and manufacturing accelerator. Innovation through integration Over 30 years of drug development expertise From formulation development through to commercial manufacturing, Quotient Sciences are drug development experts. We've provided integrated contract research, development, and manufacturing services for many of the leading Fortune 100 global pharma and biotech customers, with deep expertise working with thousands of molecules across all stages of drug development. Our Manifesto The power of integration We integrate services under a single organization that would traditionally be found at separate CDMOs and CROs. Our integrated, end-to-end solution for drug development, Translational Pharmaceutics® , is what sets us apart from other contract manufacturing and development organizations. By seamlessly integrating drug substance manufacturing and drug product manufacturing capabilities, we've saved customers an average of 12 months or more of time, as well as R&D and related cost savings, on their drug programs. Integrated Programs Learn more about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do
Services | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact What We Do We accelerate drug development with services and solutions tailored to our customers' needs. Why? Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Quotient Sciences accelerates drug development with turnkey solutions and individual services tailored to our customers' needs. Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Customer Testimonials We help turn our customers' ideas into the medicines of the future, working with you as partners to get new treatments to those in need, fast. Read Testimonials Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Therapy Areas Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/contact-us
Contact Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Contact Us We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator who loves a challenge. How can we help you? If you are a new or existing customer with a question about our drug development and manufacturing services, please fill out the inquiry form below. You can call: UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 or US +1-800-769-3518 during business hours. For all other inquiries, visit Volunteers , Careers or Events to connect. What else can we help you with? You can call us during business hours: UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 or US +1-800-769-3518 . For all other inquiries, visit Volunteers , Careers , or Events to connect. Follow us on Linkedin . Discover Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal
Policies, Statements and Terms of Use | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Access Our Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Cookie Policy Cookies provide you with a good experience when you browse our website. Learn More Privacy Policy We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. Learn More Terms of Website Use These terms tell you the rules for using our website www.quotientsciences.com (our website). Learn More Modern Slavery Statement We are committed to maintaining ethical and transparent employment practices. Learn More Gender Pay Statement Our difference in average pay between women and men, regardless of role. Learn More Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, UK Standard Terms Our terms of supply at Quotient Sciences - Alnwick. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us About Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/suppliers
Suppliers | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Suppliers Committed to working together successfully. Home Suppliers Quotient Sciences is committed to establishing dedicated, long-term relationships with our suppliers. As part of this, we expect our partners to comply with our Terms and Conditions of Purchase. Please click the following link to access: Terms and Conditions of Purchase for UK suppliers Terms and Conditions of Purchase for US suppliers Sustainable Procurement Policy Supplier Code of Ethics and Conduct Learn more about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services
Tailored Drug Development Services | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Tailored Drug Development & Manufacturing Services A comprehensive range of services and industry-leading expertise for your program Watch video Loading... Contact Us One Partner From candidate selection through to commercial supply, we offer both standalone and integrated services that help you across all stages of drug development. 30+ Years Experience We bring deep expertise in drug development, along with a multidisciplinary scientific team, to your program. Over 3,000 Molecules We have helped leading pharma and biotech companies develop and manufacture a range of treatments, for simple up to the most challenging molecules. Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Our Manifesto Leverage our development and manufacturing expertise, to benefit your business. Drug Substance Learn about our drug substance synthesis and manufacturing capabilities including recent technical and capability updates to our Alnwick, UK facility. Learn More Formulation Development We have over 30 years of experience in formulation development services for small molecules and synthetic peptides. We create simple and complex dosag... Learn More Clinical Trial Manufacturing Tailored to meet the needs of clinical trial design and clinical manufacturing, focused on producing drugs for use in clinical research. Learn More Commercial Manufacturing Quotient Sciences manufactures a range of simple to complex dosage forms, with a track record of working with higher-value products that may require l... Learn More Clinical Pharmacology When you are looking for a partner who is dedicated to Phase I trials and early development, rely on Quotient Sciences. We accelerate your molecule fr... Learn More Bioanalysis Highly sensitive bioanalytical techniques enable the identification and quantification of analytes, such as small molecules, peptides, proteins, nucle... Learn More Data Sciences You need data rapidly to make crucial decisions during a study. Faster data means we can provide our customers with earlier interim data and interim P... Learn More Drug Development Consulting Our consultants have a proven track-record of cutting across industry silos to reduce the time and cost of development. With hands-on development exp... Learn More Drug Product Our consultants have a proven track-record of cutting across industry silos to reduce the time and cost of development. With hands-on development exp... Learn More 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/manifesto
Our Manifesto | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Our Manifesto We are driven by the belief that humanity needs solutions, fast. Our Manifesto reflects our purpose, our focus, who we are and what we do. Watch video Loading... Our Principles Home About Us Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Where science and agility integrate and combine. We cut through silos across a range of drug development capabilities. Saving precious time and money in getting drugs to patients. Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, and molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Manifesto Story More about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Principles Science. Agility. Culture. Inseparable, intertwined, interdependent. Core principles that define us. Discover our principles Our Heritage Since 1990, we have transformed into a renowned, global drug development services provider. See Our Journey Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/principles
Science, Agility & Culture | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Science, Agility & Culture These are the principles that guide us each day. Watch video Loading... Our Manifesto Home About Us Principles: Science, Agility & Culture Our guiding principles allow us to be creative and innovative. These three principles, along with our manifesto and company vision, allow us to do what we do for you, for patients, and for improving global health. Science This is our non-negotiable foundation, uncompromised scientific integrity committed to turning ideas into solutions, molecules into cures. Agility Speed is of the essence. Speed which does not compromise scientific integrity. Athletic speed. Agility. Cutting through silos. Eliminating obstacles. Saving time. Culture A culture of supportive teamwork with people who work hard together and enjoy it. People who respect each other’s abilities. People who know that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Make your mark at Quotient Sciences. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we are a trusted partner to the pharmaceutical industry. Join us on our mission to make a difference for global health and molecules to cures, fast, for those in need. Careers at Quotient Sciences Explore Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Manifesto We believe that your molecules need to become cures, fast. Read Our Manifesto Our Heritage Since 1990, we have transformed into a renowned, global drug development services provider. See Our Journey Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Solutions Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/testimonials
Customer Testimonials | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Customer Testimonials Our customers share their successes on partnering with us. Case Studies What We Do Home About Us Customer Testimonials A trusted partner to bring new treatments to market. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we have worked with countless, innovative businesses across the pharmaceutical industry for more than 30 years. We help turn our customers' incredible ideas into medicines of the future. We work as partners, with passion to get new treatments to those in need, fast. Ensysce Biosciences Quotient Sciences was approached by Dr. Lynn Kirkpatrick, CEO of Ensysce Biosciences, to help overcome formulation challenges with the development of a modified release product for PF614-MPAR, the company's leading product intended for the treatment of severe pain. "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product," said Lynn Kirkpatrick, CEO of Ensysce Biosciences. Read how the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform was used instead to help Ensysce Biosciences reduce their development timelines. Read Case Study Details of Phase I Study Endevica Bio "Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for." said Russell Potterfield, CEO of Endevica Bio, about his company's experience working with Quotient Sciences. Read Case Study Oxilio completes first clinical trial with OXL001 at Quotient Sciences - Nottingham "We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion." said Dr Simon Yaxley, Director at Oxilio, of working with Quotient Sciences on the delivery of OXL001. Read More More insight, direct from our customers: Evecxia Therapeutics "Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects." Evecxia Therapeutics Learn More Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau, Former Director, CMC Drug Substance BioCryst Pharmaceuticals "Quotient Sciences’ real-time manufacturing capabilities were a key factor in determining the speed at which this study could be concluded, offering the rare combination or GMP manufacturing and clinical administration on the same site, even for complex formulations and dosage forms. This allowed us to progress much faster." Dr. Phil Collis, Vice President Case Study MEI Pharma "Quotient Sciences has been a great partner to work with. Their project management was top-notch and costs remained within budget throughout our collaboration. Their scheduling and execution have been impeccable; the program has run like clockwork. As a client, you can’t really ask for more!" Dr. Ofir Moreno, Vice President Case Study Clinical Pharmacology Triplet Therapeutics "After taking everything into account - the manufacturing costs of a traditional CMO model, creating multiple lots of material that may never get used, etc. Quotient Sciences' Translational Pharmaceutics approach was a cost-effective option, especially when we took the additional cost of time saved into consideration." Former SVP, Development Operations Learn More Clinical Pharmacology MMV "We were impressed by how efficient Quotient Sciences team was to help us progress one of our key projects to a successful first in human study." Benoit Bestgen, Associate Director Clinical Pharmacology Druggability Technologies "Quotient Sciences has reduced our time-to-clinic and time-to-market. They understand the issues in drug development and have taken us from early stage to commercial in the most efficient way... Quotient Sciences have extensive knowledge beyond CDMO services, such as regulatory affairs, biopharmaceutics, and medical research. This means we can access skills that we don’t have internally." Gábor Heltovics, Former CEO Case Study Translational Pharmaceutics® Xspray Pharma "Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials... Everything ran very smoothly. We had a very good project manager who was on top of things all the time, and there were no hitches... I would say that Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials." Dr Andreas Konar, Senior Vice President Case Study Translational Pharmaceutics® Clovis Oncology "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straight-forward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read, Former Executive Vice President Case Study Explore Our Oncology Solutions Crinetics Pharmaceuticals "There is an art to the development of taste-masked oral products for pediatric indications. Quotient Sciences’ expertise in improving the taste, smell, and texture of oral formulations makes them the ideal partner for Crinetics’ pediatric clinical programs." R. Scott Struthers, PhD, Founder & CEO Learn More Solutions for Pediatrics Proveca "Quotient Sciences has worked with us on several pediatric projects and has been very effective in translating our product concepts into successful prototype formulations. We really appreciate the way they tune in to the broader, long-term objectives of our projects and are agile in delivering specific work packages that will contribute to the overall project’s success. They are skilled in applying their extensive technical expertise and understanding of the full pediatric pharma development process. Importantly, they are great at adapting to change and tenacious when it comes to problem-solving. They have proved to be an essential resource in developing our pediatric portfolio." Clare Geesen, Operations Manager Solutions for Pediatrics Corcept Therapeutics "The Phase I study of CORT125134 was contracted out to Quotient Sciences, largely due to Quotient Sciences’ ability to integrate manufacturing and dosing on the same site. Dosing decisions could be made very rapidly as soon as data from the previous cohort was available - there was no need to define and manufacture all the doses up front - minimizing delay." Hazel Hunt, Chief Scientific Officer Case Study Clinical Manufacturing Stealth BioTherapeutics "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia, Vice President Case Study Clinical Manufacturing Pulmatrix "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava, Chief Scientific Officer Case Study Clinical Manufacturing Synlogic, Inc "The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Former Chief Scientific Officer Clinical Manufacturing Go further with Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/heritage
Our Heritage | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience in drug development and manufacturing. Watch video Loading... What We Do Home About Us Our Heritage Since 1990, Quotient Sciences has transformed into a renowned, global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. We are proud of our heritage as a drug development and manufacturing accelerator. With over 30 years of experience and a growing team of more than 1,300 scientific experts, we are a trusted partner for all stages of drug development. What really excites us is the future and continuing our journey of helping customers get new treatments to patients, faster. See some of our milestones that have shaped our journey to become a trusted, strategic partner to the global pharmaceutical and biotech industry. 1990: Pharmaceutical Profiles Founded Founded in 1990, Pharmaceutical Profiles was established as a spin-out from the University of Nottingham and the Royal Free Hospital, London, UK. It was an early-phase development company that helped improve decisions in early drug development. The company's mission was to improve the drug development decision-making process by offering innovative services to select the right molecules in early development. 1990: Quotient Bioresearch Founded Also founded in 1990, Quotient Bioresearch was a UK-based contract research organization (CRO). Throughout the 1990s, Quotient Bioresearch grew and specialized in early-stage and specialist drug development services to the global life sciences industry. 2000s: Growth within the UK In 2002, QS Pharma was founded, specializing in formulation development and manufacturing of small molecule drug products. The company supported pharma and biotech customers through all stages of development and commercialization. In 2008, Quotient BioResearch acquired BioDynamics Research Limited. Founded over 15 years prior, BioDynamics was a specialist provider of metabolism, bioanalytical, and radiochemistry services worldwide. Pharmaceutical Profiles joined the Quotient Bioscience Group Limited in 2008. With capabilities for GMP manufacturing and GCP clinical trials in Nottingham, UK, Quotient Bioresearch developed RapidFACT, a novel formulation optimization approach. In May 2009, Quotient Bioresearch acquired the Edinburgh clinical research facility (formerly Inveresk Clinical Research) from Charles River Laboratories. Combined with the services and capabilities from Pharmaceutical Profiles, a new business was formed: Quotient Clinical . 2015 - 2017: Quotient Clinical Expansion in the UK In 2015, Quotient Clinical doubled its pharmaceutical sciences capacity through the acquisition of a second GMP manufacturing facility and the construction of new formulation development and pharmaceutical analysis laboratories in Nottingham. Quotient Clinical acquired the contract development company Co-Formulate Limited later in 2015 to expand pharmaceutical development capabilities across solid, semi-solid, and liquid oral formulations. This added to existing expertise and capabilities in pediatrics drug programs . In 2017, Quotient Clinical continued a UK expansion with the acquisition of Pharmaterials, a contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) based in Reading, UK. 2017: Quotient Clinical Expands to the US & Rebrands as Quotient Sciences Quotient Clinical expanded its footprint into the United States with the acquisitions of two organizations: SeaView Research, a specialist clinical pharmacology and contract research services provider (CRO) in Miami, Florida, and QS Pharma, a contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania metropolitan area. These acquisitions helped expand the company into the United States, furthering capabilities for integrated drug development with both clinical and manufacturing capabilities under one organization. At the time, former CEO Mark Egerton commented, "We are excited about the future of Quotient Sciences. By integrating services typically found in disparate CDMO and CRO businesses, we break down barriers and support our customers to improve R&D productivity and accelerate the delivery of new medicines to patients around the world. We have a 30-year track record of service to a global customer base, including large multinational pharmaceutical companies to smaller virtual biotech organizations." Following these acquisitions, Quotient Clinical announced that the company was renaming to Quotient Sciences . 2019 - 2020: A New Manifesto & Brand for Quotient Sciences In 2019, global investment firm Permira acquired a majority stake in Quotient Sciences from companies controlled by GHO Capital and other investors. The investment provided new funding to fuel the next stage of company growth. In 2020, a refreshed brand for Quotient Sciences was introduced along with a new mission statement to capture the soul of Quotient Sciences of being science-rich at heart with a passion to accelerate the development of new drugs for patients in need. Together, our manifesto , our mission and our principles reflect who we are and what we do for our customers to bring novel treatments to market as quickly as possible. 2021 - Present: Quotient Sciences Continues Growth & Adds Drug Substance Capabilities In early 2021, Quotient Sciences acquired Arcinova , a UK based multiservice contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO). The acquisition expanded the company's offering with the addition of drug substance, bioanalytical testing, and other capabilities offered from the company's Alnwick, UK location. Additionally, drug substance capabilities were added to the Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform, further increasing the time and cost savings potential that can be delivered by leveraging Translational Pharmaceutics®. Across 2022 and 2023, the company expanded further at its Alnwick, UK facility with new equipment and capacity added at the the Annex 1 compliant facility for sterile fill and finish of parenteral drugs. Go further with Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/diversity-equity-inclusion
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. At A Glance Careers at Quotient Sciences Home About Us Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Diversity, equity and inclusion are cornerstone values and guiding principles on which we aim to build our teams, cultivate our leaders, and foster a collaborative environment at Quotient Sciences. We empower our colleagues to respect and appreciate what makes us all different. To deliver our mission, we know a wide range of people, thought, innovation, and ideas are necessary to create a diverse culture and do great work. We recognize a diverse culture is one that considers gender and ethnic diversity, as well as diversity of experiences, personal backgrounds and perspectives, and we are striving to breathe this understanding into every aspect of our business. Our Commitments to Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Quotient Sciences are advocates for positive change and conscious inclusion. We seek to develop a workplace culture that provides a sense of acceptance and belonging for every person. As a global employer, we recognize the value in having an organization that is a true reflection and representation of our society today. We are committed to: Provide learning and development, awareness, and shared experiences to our colleagues to foster greater appreciation of what makes us all different Ensure our values are reflected in how we engage with and support each other in the workplace Foster an environment where colleagues feel supported in their wellbeing and personal and professional development Create an environment where every colleague has a voice Ensure fair, transparent processes and practices are in place that ensure opportunities for all colleagues Create a workplace which enables our colleagues to fulfil their potential and do their best work for Quotient and themselves Transparency in Diversity, Equity and Inclusion "I feel like I belong at Quotient Sciences." We believe in a meaningful, colleague-focused and data-driven approach to implementing DE&I objectives across our business. One key metric that we track as part of our routine Colleague Engagement Survey is the Belonging Score, a measure of how well our colleagues feel they belong and are accepted at Quotient Sciences. We are committed to continually monitoring, sharing, and improving this score to enable a better workplace for all. Our Colleague Organized Groups (COGs) Our colleague organized groups (COGs) work to achieve greater inclusion, belonging, and engagement across Quotient Sciences. They offer the opportunity to grow, learn, and develop alongside peers with shared interests, identities, and allies who support them. Our COGs partner with our People Team to aid in the delivery of strategic business objectives and our DE&I commitments. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Group (DE&I) – the purpose of this group is to champion a culture of DE&I within Quotient Sciences. This group works with the People Team to set and implement the strategy for DE&I colleague programs across the organization. UK Workplace Wellbeing Group – the purpose of this group is to remove the stigma attached to mental health in the workplace. The group strives to be positive role models to the organization and create an environment where everyone can talk freely about mental health and wellbeing without fear of negative judgment. Our DE&I Training We aim to strengthen our culture of DE&I at Quotient Sciences with training that educates colleagues about what DE&I means, why it matters, and what each colleague can do each day to make it happen. In 2024, our DE&I COG and the People Team are working to review and enhance our current training program to ensure it is meeting our goal of having a workplace culture that provides a sense of acceptance and belonging for every person. This year, all colleagues and managers will be provided with an opportunity to participate in a global, online facilitated DE&I training program and provide their feedback about how we can look to improve future programs. Discover Quotient Sciences Our Principles Science. Agility. Culture. Inseparable, intertwined, interdependent. Core principles that define us. Discover our principles Our Manifesto We believe that your molecules need to become cures, fast. Read Our Manifesto At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Careers at Quotient Sciences Interested in joining our team? Browse Jobs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/awards-and-achievements
Awards & Achievements | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Awards & Achievements We're proud to have been recognized for our growth and achievements. Customer Testimonials What We Do Home About Us Awards and Achievements Driven by a mission to bring molecules to cures, fast. Each recognition is a testament to our mission , our principles , our colleagues , and to our dedication of working with our customers as partners. Pharma Innovation Awards 2023: Flowinova Platform & API Development The Pharma Innovation Awards 2023 recognizes Quotient Sciences’ FlowInova platform with an award for its ability to streamline the scale-up process for early-phase drug substance API development. Read More Multiple Category Winner in 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards Quotient Sciences has been recognized with multiple 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards. The CDMO Leadership Awards recognizes top performing outsourcing organizations in the drug development space. Read More Careers at Quotient Sciences More awards and recognitions we've received Browse News Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Recognized in the 2023 British Made Awards Read More Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences wins in all 2022 CRO Leadership Award categories Read More Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Recognized as "Top Pharma and Life Sciences Outsourcing Company" Read More Browse News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/our-board-directors
Meet Our Board of Directors | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Our Board of Directors Meet our experienced global leaders. Quotient Sciences: At A Glance Home About Us Our Board of Directors Meet our experienced global board of directors. Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Chief Executive Officer Thierry Van Nieuwenhove joined Quotient Sciences in October 2023. Thierry has an extensive track record in the pharma/CDMO services industry spanning over 23 years and with experience in both small molecules and biologics. Thierry joins us from ABL Inc. where he was the Chief Executive Officer for the last two years. Prior to this, he held various senior leadership roles in the CDMO industry, including as the President of the Synthesis business unit at Novasep, Global Head of Business Development at Lonza, and CEO of Minakem, the CDMO and API manufacturing division of Minafin Group. On joining the company, Thierry said: "I am honored to join Quotient Sciences as its new CEO and lead a team dedicated to improving the lives of patients worldwide.” Read Announcement Des Glass SVP & Chief Financial Officer Des Glass joined Quotient Sciences in April 2022 with significant experience as a CFO in both private and public companies. Prior to joining the company, he was Group CFO at RWS Holdings plc. Des received his MBA from Imperial College London. Wayne Hewitt Non-Executive Chairman Wayne Hewett is an industry veteran and dedicated Senior Advisor to Permira, bringing more than three decades of board and leadership experience to Quotient Sciences. Wayne presently serves as Chairman of Cambrex, a global CDMO, and sits as part of the Board of Directors for companies including The Home Depot, Wells Fargo, UPS, and Lytx. Dimitrios Tzivelis Non-Executive Director Dimitrios focuses on investment opportunities in the Healthcare sector. Prior to joining Permira, he worked for Onex for three years, where he was in charge of Healthcare investments in Europe. Prior to that, he spent nine years with BC Partners. Dimitrios holds a Master of Science in Corporate Finance from Bocconi University, Italy, and has an MBA from Harvard Business School, USA. Henry Minello Non-Executive Director Henry focuses on investment opportunities in the Healthcare sector and has worked on numerous transactions including Atrium, BakerCorp, Cambrex, Genesys, Intelligrated, Intelsat, Jet Aviation and LSNE. Prior to joining Permira, Henry spent five years at The Cypress Group, a US private equity firm, where he completed a number of buy-out transactions. He has also worked at Salomon Brothers in the investment banking division and in the Distressed Debt group of LibertyView Capital Management, a multi-strategy hedge fund. Henry has a degree in Finance from Georgetown University, USA, and an MBA from Harvard Business School, USA. Domitille de Vienne Independent Director Domitille de Vienne focuses on investment opportunities in the Healthcare sector at Permira and has more than a decade of experience working in the Healthcare investment space. Prior to joining Permira in 2022, she worked at CDPQ as part of the direct private equity team, where she was in charge of healthcare investments in Europe. Domitille holds a degree in Corporate Finance and Business from ESCP Business School, France. Go further with Quotient Sciences Accelerate your program by partnering with Quotient Sciences. Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts
Ask the Experts | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Ask the Experts We help turn your molecules into medicines of the future. Learn more about our experience and ask our team a question today. Home Ask the Experts What is your scientific challenge? We are ready to overcome your drug development challenges whatever stage your program is at. Whether your question is associated with optimizing your formulation, streamlining the manufacturing of your drug substance, or planning your clinical pharmacology study, we are here to help. Our experts have insight into a variety of topics: Minimizing chemistry costs and moving drug substance supply off the critical path Transitioning between drug substance and drug product manufacturing Selecting the best formulation technology for poorly soluble molecules Meeting clinical trial program needs while reducing cost and waste Ensuring maximum flexibility in clinical manufacturing and batch sizes Using real-time clinical data to make better formulation decisions Dr. Stuart Mair Global VP, Medical, Early Development Dr. Stuart (Stu) Mair has over 16 years of experience delivering exploratory clinical studies in the contract research organizatio... About Stuart Dr. Andrew Lewis Chief Scientific Officer Dr. Andrew (Andy) Lewis is the Chief Scientific Officer at Quotient Sciences. As the leader of Quotient Sciences' scientific teams... About Andrew Nazim Kanji Executive Director, Pediatric Services Nazim Kanji is the Executive Director of Pediatric Services at Quotient Sciences. In his current role, Nazim works closely with cl... About Nazim Dr. Asma Patel VP, Integrated Development Services Dr. Asma Patel is VP of Integrated Development Services at Quotient Sciences. In this role, Asma is responsible for providing scie... About Asma Dr. Vanessa Zann Senior Drug Development Consultant Dr. Vanessa Zann is a Senior Drug Development Consultant at Quotient Sciences. Vanessa has over two decades of industry experience... About Vanessa Gareth Jenkins VP, Science & Technology, Candidate Development Dr. Gareth Jenkins has over 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical services industry spanning drug discovery, drug developme... About Gareth Iain Shaw Senior Director, 14C Enabled Drug Development Iain Shaw is Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development at Quotient Sciences. Iain has over 30 years of experience in the pha... About Iain Stuart McDougall Principal Research Fellow, Bioanalytical Services Stuart McDougall is Principal Research Fellow of Bioanalytical Services at Quotient Sciences. Stuart has over 30 years of experien... About Stuart Dr. Helen Baker Director, Pharmaceutical Sciences Dr. Helen Baker has over 15 years of formulation and product development experience within the pharmaceutical, biotech, and agrono... About Helen Kevser Sevim PBPK Senior M&S Research Fellow Dr. Kevser Sevim is a Senior Research Fellow who brings her expertise to the dynamic Modelling and Simulation (M&S) team at Quotie... About Kevser Amit Patel Senior Director of Technical Services "At Quotient Sciences, we trust interdependence to translate vision into action with one goal of getting drugs to patients, fast."... About Amit Go further with Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations
Discover Our Global Locations | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Our Global Locations Explore our drug development, manufacturing & clinical facilities. Watch video Loading... What We Do Home About Us Locations Where to find us We operate from a number of state-of-the-art drug development manufacturing and clinical facilities in the U.S. and U.K. Our global teams, at all locations, are closely integrated to provide the most appropriate solutions for our customers projects. Together, our teams develop project plans that make best use of our resources, taking in to account all your requirements. If you are a customer or have questions about our services, contact our scientific experts today. Facility Capabilities Alnwick, UK Acquired in 2021, our Alnwick facility has seen a substantial expansion of its drug substance API manufacturing capabilities. Learn More Edinburgh, UK Edinburgh is our dedicated Data Sciences center where we analyze and report customers' clinical trial data, fast. Learn More Nottingham, UK Our corporate headquarters, Nottingham, UK has been home to Quotient Sciences since 1990. Alongside corporate functions, we have a large clinical faci... Learn More Miami, FL, USA Our Miami location is a dedicated, state-of-the-art, 144-bed, clinical pharmacology facility. Learn More Boothwyn, Philadelphia, PA, USA Boothwyn, located near Philadelphia, offers customers seamless scale-up to late-phase manufacturing and commercial product supply. Learn More Garnet Valley, Philadelphia, PA, USA Garnet Valley was built in response to increasing demand for our early-phase formulation development and clinical trial manufacturing services. Learn More Reading, UK In 2022, Reading completed an expansion of its early development and manufacturing facility. This doubled our formulation development and analytical f... Learn More Capabilities Our global facilities include two clinical pharmacology units, two purpose-built pharmaceutical development and manufacturing sites. Learn More Learn more about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/first-kilograms-gmp-drug-substance
The First Kilograms of GMP Drug Substance | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Main navigation Whitepaper , Drug Substance , Translational Pharmaceutics The First Kilograms of GMP Drug Substance Home Resources The First Kilograms of GMP Drug Substance Overview At the point of selecting a lead compound for a drug development program, the supply of drug substance is on the critical path and required for all downstream activities. To ensure that the drug program progresses efficiently, process development must enable safe, economical, and rapid scale-up of drug substance manufacturing. Drug developers require service providers with extensive chemistry capabilities, who are focused on the timely delivery of material and who can deliver drug substance manufacturing processes that can be scaled up at minimum risk. Quotient Sciences is a drug development accelerator, offering contract development, research, and manufacturing services to pharma and biotech companies worldwide. We pride ourselves on quickly delivering high-purity drug substances and can rapidly scale up manufacturing at our cutting-edge facility. With more than 40 years of experience in synthetic organic chemistry and extensive expertise in flow chemistry, synthetic biology, and biocatalysis, we can optimize manufacturing processes and save months of development time for our customers. Learn more about our capabilities in our latest whitepaper. A core component of Quotient Sciences is our integrated capabilities in drug substance process research, development, and manufacturing. All are carried out at our state-of-the-art facility in Alnwick, UK . Download Download Now Download Now: The First Kilograms of GMP Drug Substance Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-substance/gmp-and-non-gmp-manufacturing
Drug Substance: GMP & Non-GMP Manufacturing | What We Do | | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Substance: GMP & Non-GMP Manufacturing How can I accelerate my supply? Contact Us Home Drug Substance GMP and Non-GMP Manufacturing Expanded capabilities, improved technologies to better support your needs. Quotient Sciences' facilities provide both GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) and non-GMP drug substance manufacturing, with the ability to generate kilogram-per-day quantities. Kilo Lab/Pilot Plant Manufacturing We have access to scale-up and pilot plant assets that complement our on-site facilities, featuring a capacity range between 50 L and 1300 L capable of producing 5-100 kg in batch. Our internal manufacturing assets (batch, CSTR, trickle bed, and plug flow) range from multi-gram to multi-kilogram capacity (multi-tonne per annum capability). We can meet drug substance requirements from pre-clinical through to full-scale commercial phases. The scale-up process is executed by a highly experienced manufacturing team, providing customers with a secure source of supply for technically challenging projects. Additionally, our investment in innovative, flexible modular manufacturing technology enables us to quickly configure reactors for drug substance (API) manufacturing, then rapidly reassemble reactors for the next project. Alnwick Drug Substance Expansion At a Glance 5-L GMP and non-GMP process chemistry facilities with full thermal control 20-L GMP state-of-the-art reactor streams housed in dedicated walk-in fume cupboards with operating temperatures from -90°C up to +180°C Full integration of reactor stream data logging to a dedicated server, enabling GMP monitoring of all key reaction parameters (pressure, temperature etc.) and real-time process optimization State-of-the-art dedicated material storage area, enabling safe storage of a range of chemical classes and segregation of quarantine and released materials Flexible continuous manufacturing units (FlowSyn, trickle-bed, and Salamander reactors with pressure capabilities up to 50 bar and operating temperatures up to 180°C) – these equipment trains have the capacity to generate kilogram quantities of materials per day Automated parallel reactor streams with ReactIR and integrated calorimetry (HFCal) and off-gassing measurement capability Onsite 150-L reactors A range of isolation and drying options, including mobile filter dryers (316 stainless steel and Hastelloy MOC) with up to 15-kg capacities Containment systems for handling compounds up to and including SafeBridge Band 3 What's new in Drug Substance Manufacturing? Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Drug Substance Manufacturing Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-substance/solid-state-services
Drug Substance: Solid State Services | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Substance: Solid State Services Quotient Sciences provides solid state services for drug substance (API) GMP & non-GMP manufacturing. Contact Us Home Drug Substance Solid State Services Solid state services that streamline your program for success. Through integrating solid state chemistry and formulation development, Quotient Sciences' accelerates your preclinical development, decreasing timelines. Solid state chemistry that supports your drug substance manufacturing Our expertise in solid-form screening and selection, with material scientists working closely with drug substance chemists, can help to identify the most appropriate drug substance form for development and therapeutic success. Solid State and Analytical Capabilities Learn more about our solid state capabilities and analytical techniques. Salt Selection Poor bioavailability or instability of a drug substance can often be solved/improved by screening different salt forms. The selection of the most appropriate salt can not only improve the physicochemical properties but also identify all developable salts that can strengthen the intellectual property of the drug substance. The choice of counterions is typically based on the pKa of the drug substance, the relevance of the expected dosage form, and the know-how of our experts. Polymorph Screening To meet regulatory requirements, the polymorphic behavior of a drug substance needs to be assessed and the polymorph chosen for development needs to be fully identified/characterized. Identifying the polymorph landscape can also strengthen intellectual property. Amorphous Dispersions Amorphous forms can have increased solubility and bioavailability in comparison with their crystalline form. However, crystalline materials tend to be more stable, and amorphous material can recrystallize over time but can be stabilized as an amorphous solid dispersion. Whether it's spray-dried dispersions (SDDs) or hot melt extrusion (HME), our team of experts can support the enhancement needs of your molecule. Crystallization Development Supporting the drug substance development team, purification steps can be improved and drug substance manufacturing yield, throughput, and purity can be increased by integrating a solid-state approach to recrystallization processes. Solid-State Characterization We offer a wide range of analytical techniques to fully characterize solid-state forms, including dissolution/disintegration testing and X-ray powder diffraction (XRPD) as well as: Thermal analysis: differential scanning calorimetry (DSC), thermogravimetric analysis (TGA) Hygroscopy: dynamic vapor sorption (DVS) Hot-stage microscopy Particle size distribution and particle enumeration Surface area Solution and solid-state nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy Fourier-transform infrared spectroscopy (FT-IR) Pre-formulation and Material Science Our experienced material scientists can support your pre-formulation screening to allow selection of your drug candidate for pre-clinical evaluation and identification of your drug product in early clinical evaluation. View our expanded drug substance manufacturing capabilities in Alnwick, UK Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Drug Substance Manufacturing Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-substance/stability-testing
Stability Testing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Stability Testing: Analytical Sciences How can I ensure that my stability study is controlled correctly? Contact Us Home Drug Substance Stability Testing Avoid delays, choose an experienced partner for your stability testing. Quotient Sciences has a designated team of highly experienced colleagues who control all aspects of sample management and liaise closely with you throughout the lifecycle of stability studies. Your stability study is safe in our hands Our aim is to provide robust, sound data on which shelf life and expiration dates for drug substance and drug products can be based. Whatever the phase of development our team can offer support. We also offer a stability protocol creation service if clients prefer not to supply stability protocols themselves. Robust systems are in place to ensure complete tracking of samples from receipt, through stability storage and time-point testing (or shipment if required), to study end How can we help your stability study and avoid delays We can support a wide range of studies for both drug product and drug substance including packaging stability studies. We can also support studies involving radiolabelled compounds and controlled substances. We can accommodate short duration studies lasting a matter of weeks, to long term studies of months/ years. At some of our facilities, we offer not only ‘storage only’ studies, where sampling and dispatch is taken care of by our dedicated stability team, but ‘storage and test’ in which we can store, pull and test on site. Report generation and issue is managed through our Quality Management System, and reports are made available for client review and approval. At a Glance We are a partner you can trust for stability studies From development and manufacture of drug substance and drug product to stability studies, including cytotoxic, radiolabeled, and controlled substances, we are your partner of choice. We can fulfill all your needs, from protocol generation through to study end. Global, state-of-the-art facilities that are ICH-compliant Our service is supported by state-of-the-art facilities, including walk-in, ICH-compliant stability chambers and several smaller, reach-in units. ICH-compliant photo-stability testing equipment is also available to study the effects of light stress on materials and packaging. We work collaboratively and in close consultation with you We work collaboratively with each customer to ensure the setdown of their stability samples goes as planned, to fine details such as labeling, pack orientation, and storage conditions. Through close consultation, we ensure that the required protocols are clear and concise to match client expectations. Dedicated personnel and processes ensure complete sample tracking throughout Our colleagues and internal systems are well established to ensure effective sample management, providing a complete chain of custody. Designated stability personnel within Drug Product who control all sample management during stability studies, constantly monitor the stability chambers, and can act as a point of contact for clients. Dedicated processes are in place to ensure complete tracking of samples from receipt, throughout stability storage to the study termination. We offer a full range of analytical testing services For those clients wishing to avail themselves of our extensive testing capabilities, we offer a full range of analytical testing to meet the most challenging of needs. We have the capabilities to perform a wide range of pharmacopoeial testing, physical characterizations, and chemical testing for both drug substances, drug products, and radiolabelled compounds. In addition, we can provide method optimization/ qualification services to produce analytical methods tailored to the stability testing of a customer's material. Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Drug Substance Manufacturing Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/isotope-labeling
14C Isotope Labeling | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact 14C Isotope Labeling Isotopically labeled materials to support your development pathway to the clinic. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology 14C Isotope Labeling Accelerating your drug compounds to the clinic. Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled (14C/stable isotope labeled [SIL]) materials to support your non-clinical and clinical development. Quotient Sciences supports the design and conduct of both non-clinical and clinical human ADME studies for research, development, and regulatory purposes. We are experts in the safe handling of 14C-labeled high-potency/high-hazard compounds (cytotoxics) and 14C-labeled gases and volatiles, including 14CO2. Our radiochemists work closely with our analytical and drug product teams to deliver a solution-focused service to our customers, throughout all stages of drug development. Trust us to deliver on time and in full, with a 98% delivery rate. Our facilities are UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)-accredited, and we offer full Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) synthesis of 14C-labeled compounds for human studies. Customers who have placed both their pre-clinical and clinical studies with us have shortened their time to clinic and saved on development costs by avoiding the need for re-synthesis. We have a 98% delivery rate and take great pride in delivering on time and in full for our customers. Human ADME Info Sheet Ask the experts Meet Iain Shaw, Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development More About Iain Radiolabeling expertise available as a standalone service or part of an integrated program. As part of a Synthesis-to-Clinic® program, we pull all necessary elements required to complete a human ADME program into a single program of work that includes radiosynthesis to the final clinical report. This drives efficient development and manufacturing of 14C drug products tailored to the specific requirements of your ADME program — including intravenous (IV) products to generate IV pharmacokinetic and absolute bioavailability data, where appropriate. Real-time GMP manufacture and QP release of 14C drug products, facilitated by Synthesis-to-Clinic®. On-site pharmaceutical sciences facilities for the development, real-time GMP manufacture, and Qualified Person (QP) release of 14C drug products enable us to supply oral and parenteral formulations for ADME studies seamlessly. GMP manufacturing of 14C drug product is conducted in the same building as clinical dosing and real-time adaptive manufacturing, allowing us to support ADME studies in patients at specialist clinics. Learn more about our expertise and capabilities in our whitepaper, "Synthesis to Clinic®: A streamlined approach to 14C human ADME studies." Download Whitepaper State-of-the-art equipment for isotopic labeling Our heritage in drug development and the presence of bioanalytical experts under the same roof allow us to design and deliver stable isotope labeled internal standards with the correct properties for successful bioanalysis studies. Vacuum manifold equipment for handling volatile 14 C starting materials Preparative chromatography systems to maximize radiolabeled material recovery with high velocity High-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) Liquid scintillation counters Radio-thin-layer chromatography (radio-TLC) imagers H-Cube flow hydrogenation systems More information about our services What is 14C isotope radiolabeling? Human ADME studies provide data for mass balance, pharmacokinetics, and metabolite characterization. This allows detailed understanding of the metabolism of a drug candidate to support regulatory submission. A synthesis of the drug candidate is designed that uses a radioactive starting material to introduce one or more 14C atoms into the final structure. The labeling position is chosen to maximize the metabolic data that can be determined and builds upon hundreds of years of experience in designing short and economical routes ensuring high velocity of material delivery. The material produced has the same pharmacokinetic and metabolic properties as the unlabeled compound, but the presence of the radioactive element allows quantification of the parameters being studied. What is stable isotope labeling (SIL)? Mass spectrometry is the workhorse of bioanalysis, with millions of samples being analyzed daily across the world. Accurate quantification of the test substance is key and is accomplished using an internal standard. SIL materials provide ideal internal standards for studying development candidates. A copy of the molecule is produced containing SIL atoms. These are not radioactive but can be distinguished from the unlabeled material by mass spectrometry, enhancing the accuracy of the measurements made. Contact Us Today Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-substance/process-research-development
Drug Substance Process Research and Development (PR&D) | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Process Research & Development Contact Us Home Drug Substance Drug Substance Process Research and Development (PR&D) Highly trained and experienced Quotient Sciences chemists support all aspects of drug substance development We bring our PR&D expertise to your project We support the selection and development of optimum synthetic routes for drug substance manufacturing, also known as API (Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient) manufacturing. We combine rapid route selection with the implementation of innovative technological solutions to produce the shortest, most efficient and most scalable pathway to a drug substance. Our focus is on process velocity and economy, product purity, process scalability, and safety. The drug substance can then be scaled to multi-kilogram quantities to support direct client supply, or as part of an integrated in-house drug substance/drug product package to support clinical trials or full-scale commercialization programs. Quotient Sciences' philosophy targets optimal velocity for drug substance delivery, to ensure rapid drug substance supply for urgent clinical trial needs while enhancing process efficiency and robustness to lower costs and generate higher purity. Our work also involves defining the best route for product manufacturing scalability. Drug Substance Overview Contact Us Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/innovative-trends-continuous-drug-substance-manufacturing-flowinova-platform
Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform Drug Substance , Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins In this article, we talk to Gareth Jenkins, VP Science & Technology, about FlowInova, Quotient Sciences’ platform for continuous drug substance manufacturing developed in collaboration with the University of Nottingham. Quotient Sciences FlowInova platform offers a more sustainable and less wasteful manufacturing approach that can reduce the time and cost associated with new drug development. What is the Quotient Sciences FlowInova platform? Given that there is a growing trend towards more targeted drugs, small-molecule active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) candidates are becoming more potent. Consequently, the amount of drug substance required, both through the clinical development phase and at commercial launch, has reduced significantly, while the molecular complexity and demands on chemical manufacture have increased. This necessitates a radical rethink in terms of the technology required for manufacturing these drug substances. Continuous manufacturing facilities that can meet development and small-scale manufacturing requirements will be a critical solution to this problem. Quotient Sciences FlowInova platform started in 2018 as a research project when we set out to develop a data-driven methodology for process development and continuous manufacturing that enables efficient and intensive scale-up for early-phase development of API candidates. The novel approach combines high-throughput experimentation with process modeling and uses this to rapidly complete a number of plan-do-review cycles of process development. This leads to highly efficient and scalable processes that can produce kilograms of material within a laboratory environment, reducing the timescales for scale-up and the quantities of material required during development. In collaboration with the Department of Chemistry at the University of Nottingham, the project was the first of its kind to be implemented by a UK-based contract drug development and manufacturing organization (CDMO). It enabled the development of innovative continuous processes and significantly reduces the time and cost associated with drug development, scale-up, and manufacture for customers across the globe. The FlowInova project was the first to demonstrate that using automated reaction equipment and building models early in the process enables better decision-making for the next round of experiments. As more data is acquired and knowledge of the process increases, the process models become more predictive and allow for ‘virtual design of experiments’ to be carried out. This permits a greater focus on confirming and optimizing the predicted process parameters, leading to more robust and reliable scale-up. What was it like collaborating with the University of Nottingham on this project? Professor Michael George and Professor Martyn Poliakoff at the University of Nottingham have considerable research experience in fundamental understanding of reactions and applications of this understanding to build prototype reactors with optimal process conditions. With access to an engineering team that could make bespoke prototype reactors, our collaborators at the University of Nottingham were able to look at some challenging chemical processes and develop novel reactors that would be suitable for transfer and scale-up at our Quotient Sciences site in Alnwick. Some of the reactions we were interested in were poorly understood mechanistically and required the handling of corrosive or low-boiling-point reagents. While these reactions should be suitable for continuous processing, the reaction engineering skills at the University of Nottingham were critical to make this a reality. The Quotient Sciences team was involved in the review of the prototype reactors, providing guidance on the throughputs required to make them commercially viable and to ensure that we could transfer the knowledge to the Quotient Sciences Alnwick site to build a larger, kilo-scale system ourselves. As a drug substance contract manufacturer, all of the chemistry we work on is on behalf of our clients. This means that we are constrained by the amount of time any process development project can run before we have to scale up and supply the product, which is often on the critical path during pre-clinical and Phase I clinical development. This insight helped our collaborators at the University of Nottingham focus on the most promising early prototypes, ensuring that both groups learned and developed skills from the other. How has Quotient Sciences FlowInova platform been used? We developed a continuous-flow approach to the kilo-scale manufacture of (2R,6R)-hydroxynorketamine based on the original literature route described in the 1960s. At the outset of the collaboration, we agreed that the University of Nottingham team would look at the bromination and ammonia reactions, which had no significant precedence and would need considerable reaction engineering. In parallel, the Quotient Sciences team focused on the thermal rearrangement and setting up our labs to be able to carry out continuous-flow chemistry using pumps, mass flow meters, membrane separators, and a commercially available plug flow reactor. This meant that we could quickly demonstrate some significant improvements in the overall process at our Alnwick site. Based on the literature, to produce 1 kg of the final product via a batch process would have required 18 kg of starting material to be processed through 24 batches (across all stages of the chemistry) at our 20 L laboratory scale. By running the thermal rearrangement in continuous flow, we improved the yield of that step from 60% to 95%, meaning that we could produce the first kilogram of the final product using only 10 kg of the starting material, and in less than 4 weeks. Following this achievement, we transferred the work from the University of Nottingham team. We set up continuous-flow systems to carry out the bromination, amination, solvent swap, and thermal rearrangement stages using a combination of continuously stirred tank reactors (CSTRs) and plug flow reactors, daisy-chained together so that the output from one provided the input to the next and so on. We ran a full demonstration, bringing all of the reactors up to steady state and then running for over 24 hours before sequentially stopping each system. Over 1.2 kg of material was collected in 24 hours. How has this project changed Quotient Sciences’ approach to drug substance manufacturing? Continuous-flow chemistry is now embedded as a key tool in our process research and development offering for drug substance manufacturing. To be able to develop a continuous-flow chemistry process, there is a need to generate more information about the chemistry we take on as a drug development and manufacturing accelerator. This collaboration helped us to evaluate chemistry automation platforms, such as the EasyMax systems from Mettler Toledo and process modeling using Dynochem. With online process analytical technologies (PAT) giving time-course data on each experiment we run, we can more rapidly develop a greater understanding of the process and operating windows. This accelerates process optimization and de-risks scale-up, whether the process is better suited to continuous or batch reactors. All of our drug substance projects benefit from this approach, and its abilities to accelerate manufacturing. This success has prompted the construction of a flexible, modular, kilo-scale drug substance manufacturing facility at our Quotient Sciences Alnwick site, a £6 million investment that was opened in December 2022. This has created 4 production suites, which can house a range of reactors, both continuous and batch, with the latter going up to 150 L in scale. Our data-rich approach to process research and development allows us to be much more material-sparing during the process development phase. We can get more information out of fewer experiments, while improving process robustness and our ability to deliver the 10s of kilograms our clients need on time and in full. What are the benefits of Quotient Sciences FlowInova platform? Quotient Sciences FlowInova supports faster, more reliable delivery of the first 10s of kilograms of a new drug candidate. This ensures that potential new medicines for unmet needs can accelerate through pre-clinical and early-phase clinical development by keeping API supply off the critical path. Additional benefits arise from our ability to efficiently evaluate and compare alternative chemistries to make the same new medicine. This can be applied to a single transformation in a synthetic sequence – for example, by evaluating different methodologies and catalysts used for a hydrogenation step. As well as optimizing for yield, our approach has allowed us to consider wider sustainability metrics, and we have successfully developed a conjugate reduction that scored 77 out of 100 using the Green Motion ™ assessment tool, which considers all 12 Principles of Green Chemistry. As Quotient Sciences FlowInova helps capture and develop process understanding, we can embed efficient, scalable, and sustainable chemistry into the synthetic routes we develop. Demonstrating that continuous, process-intensive unit operations work at the kilo-scale allows us to supply API material to support critical Phase I and Phase II clinical studies without the need to re-develop the process. The transfer to Phase III and commercial manufacture can then be based on a comprehensive data package and removes the barriers often associated with introducing new technologies such as continuous processing in late-stage API manufacture. What is the future of Quotient Sciences FlowInova platform? With the emphasis on science and data-led experimentation, we are now starting to consider multiple criteria when optimizing any given process. As well as chemical yield, we include process mass intensity (PMI) and other green metrics as a measure of process development outcomes. Continuous processing lends itself to more automated ways of working, and we are now looking to bring automation into the earlier stages of process research and development. The success of this first collaborative innovation project led to an invitation to join an EU Horizon collaboration, Project ETERNAL , to develop future pharmaceutical products to be more sustainable by design and reduce their environmental impact throughout their lifecycle. Our focus within the project is on the early clinical development phases, where continuous processing can be more efficient and ‘on demand’, reducing the need to overproduce drug substance that then never gets used. As a result, there is less overall waste, and the processes used to make the material can be optimized for sustainability. Building on our data-rich approach to process development, we plan to use digital manufacturing technologies for efficient chemical process transfer from lab to kilo scale and from one site to another. Other collaborators are looking at solvent reduction and recovery, removal of carcinogenic impurities, and intrinsically less environmentally harmful products. Find out more about Quotient Sciences’ drug substance manufacturing capabilities. Meet the author: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Share: More from our experts More Blogs Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Drug Substance, PR&D, Careers, Alnwick A Day in the Life of a Process Research and Development (PR&D) Chemist By: Max Critchlow Read More Drug Substance How to Accelerate Your Molecule’s Pathway to IND and Beyond By: Eleanor Row Read More More Blogs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/assessing-financial-impact-translational-pharmaceutics
Assessing the Financial Impact of Translational Pharmaceutics® | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Whitepaper , Translational Pharmaceutics , Drug Product Optimization Assessing the Financial Impact of Translational Pharmaceutics® 30 October 2019 Home Resources Assessing the Financial Impact of Translational Pharmaceutics® Overview Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) white paper sharing study results that indicate Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform reduces development times by more than 12 months and lowers R&D costs by more than $100 million per approved new drug, compared to traditional multi-vendor development paradigms. Download Download Now Download Now: Assessing the Financial Impact of Translational Pharmaceutics® Date 30 October 2019 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/integrated-programs/candidate-development
Drug Candidate Selection & Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Candidate Selection & Development We help you select the right molecules for development Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Integrated Programs Candidate Development Trusted expertise to help you select the best drug candidate. Loading... The evaluation of a drug candidate's developability is a pivotal stage in the drug development process. We offer holistic services to help you assess and select the best molecules for further development. Over 30 years of experience in drug development, clinical testing, and drug manufacturing A multidisciplinary scientific team assigned to your project for holistic assessment and insight into the developability of your target candidate Integrated capabilities that offer a faster, more cost-effective route to reach the clinic for FIH trials We know what it takes to develop a successful drug. What is the drug candidate selection process? Drug candidate selection is the process of identifying the best molecules that can be developed into a new treatment for a specific disease or illness. Given the number of new chemical entity (NCE) candidates, we understand that our customers frequently face challenges when selecting the most promising candidate to continue forward into further development. Our candidate selection process involves several stages, including target identification, discovery, optimization, and preclinical testing. We offer an integrated solution for your drug candidate selection that maximizes the candidates potential to reach first-in-human (FIH) clinical trials. Why partner with Quotient Sciences at the drug candidate selection stage of your program? Quotient Sciences offers integrated services for the lifecycle of your drug program, starting from candidate selection through to commercial manufacturing. The integration of scientific capabilities through our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform enable us to provide a complete assessment of the developability of your molecule. This allows us to quickly identify the best drug candidates – the potential winners – for your drug development program. In combination with our agile and adaptive approach to project management, our teams ensure that projects are delivered on-time and on-budget, allowing you to mitigate risks and shorten the time to reach the clinic. Your partner to bring new treatments to market. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we have worked with countless companies across the pharmaceutical industry over the last 30 years. Speak with one of our experts to learn more about our capabilities and how we can help you reach your program's milestones. Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/drug-development/accelerate-your-drug-development-timeline-nda
Accelerating Drug Development Timelines to NDA | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact How can our drug development program reach POC / NDA faster? Accelerate your timeline to New Drug Application (NDA). Contact Us Home Solutions What are your goals? Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach your proof-of-concept and new drug application milestones with us. Loading... Getting a molecule to proof-of-concept (POC) and new drug application (NDA) stages are key milestones. Our integrated capabilities, including our flagship Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for drug development, can help you reach those milestones faster. We offer you options for seamless drug product supply for patient trials. A partner you can trust with over 30 years of experience We understand that getting molecules to proof-of-concept (POC) and new drug application (NDA) are key milestones in the development of a new drug candidate. That is why we offer our fully integrated capabilities including our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to reach those milestones faster. From first-in-human testing to seamless drug product supply for patient trials and drug optimization, we operate a cost-effective process that accelerates molecules through key milestones, faster. Accelerate your timelines and reach key milestones faster From your molecule discovery to proof-of-concept (POC) to New Drug Application (NDA), Quotient Sciences are equipped to partner with you to accelerate your drug approval process and reach your key milestones. Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics/translational-pharmaceutics-now-with-drug-substance
Translational Pharmaceutics Now With Drug Substance | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Translational Pharmaceutics®: Now With Drug Substance 15 years and 500 studies completed. Alnwick Facility Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics Translational Pharmaceutics Now With Drug Substance Reduce your development times and costs with Translational Pharmaceutics®. By integrating drug substance at our Alnwick facility, with drug product, and clinical testing activities across our global network, Translational Pharmaceutics® breaks down traditional industry silos and accelerates molecules through development. The integration of drug substance and drug product In early 2021 we acquired our state-of-the-art Alnwick, UK facility which added to the core components of our integrated offering that now include substantial capabilities in drug substance process research, development, and manufacturing. The result of adding drug substance synthesis and manufacturing to Translational Pharmaceutics is a streamlined approach to drug development that seamlessly supports our customers' programs and goals across the entire drug development pathway. We can take your small molecule or peptide from candidate development through to commercialization. Moving drug substance supply off the critical path Our highly experienced chemistry, analytical, and drug development teams can support route selection, process development, critical process parameter (CPP) definition, experimental design (DoE), and impurity tracking/control, as well as developing bespoke and innovative solutions for our customers' technically difficult development challenges. Expertise spanning from candidate development to commercial manufacturing. Our expertise in understanding dependencies between drug substance properties, formulation development , and clinical outcomes enables us to enhance efficiency. By having both drug substance and drug product manufacturing activities under one organization, we can now deliver integrated chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) development activities for both preclinical and clinical studies in parallel, simplifying the supply chain and shortening the time from candidate selection to clinic by a further 2–4 months. Key benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics®: Timeline acceleration of >12 months Significant reduction in R&D spend Improved data for better decision making Greater likelihood of success Simplified supply chain >500 studies completed & >200 scientific publications Translational Pharmaceutics®: What our customers say Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics/tufts-report
Tufts Report | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Assessing the financial impact of Translational Pharmaceutics® A white paper by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) comparing the savings and financial benefits for drug developers that use Translational Pharmaceutics®. Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics Tufts Report Unlock the multi-million dollar benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics®, demonstrated in the Tufts CSDD study. Loading... Discover the time savings and financial benefits for drug developers that use Translational Pharmaceutics®, versus traditional multi-vendor formulation, manufacturing and clinical testing approaches. What can I learn? Discover how to benefit from: A faster approach to drug development and accelerated time to market Average timeline savings of >12 months R&D spend reduced by $9.5 million for each month of time saved Total financial gains per drug approved >$100 million Formulations selected using clinical data, ensuring greater chances of success An integrated development model and simplified supply chain About Translational Pharmaceutics® Translational Pharmaceutics® accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance , drug product , and clinical testing . Over the past decade, it has been used widely by pharmaceutical and biotech companies on >400 programs to advance molecules across the full development cycle, from first-in-human (FIH) trials to market. Key applications within the development process include: Transitioning molecules from FIH to proof of concept (POC) Development and optimization of clinical formulations About the Tufts CSDD study The Tufts CSDD compared the cycle times of traditional drug development programs to Translational Pharmaceutics® programs and their derivative effects on development economics. These data were incorporated in a drug development model and the financial benefits were quantified on industry R&D costs and returns. The model assessed several different project types and the top line results included mean financial benefits exceeding $100 million and mean timeline savings of >12 months. Ready to accelerate your drug development? Discover Translational Pharmaceutics® Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Solutions Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development
Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Formulation Development Over 30 years of formulation development expertise, underpinned by biopharmaceutics, clinical data and knowledge. We can support your formulation development needs. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Tailored formulation development for your drug product. Loading... Quotient Sciences’ formulation teams have vast experience and a proven track record across an array of drug product formats for administration via oral, inhaled, topical, rectal and parenteral routes. We are trusted experts in formulation design. Download Info Sheet Over 30 years of formulation development expertise We have more than 30 years of experience developing a breadth of formulation services for small molecules and synthetic peptides, across a range of indications. With expertise in simple and complex dosage forms, we have formulated over 1,500 molecules. Dosage form development and manufacturing Our expertise across dosage forms includes capabilities for: Parenteral dosage forms Intravenous (IV) Intramuscular (IM) Subcutaneous (SC) Gels, ointments & creams dosage forms Rectal Topic Solid oral dosage forms API or formulated API in a bottle or capsule Immediate, modified, and sustained release tablets Multiparticulates, mini-tablets and granules Liquid filled capsules Orally disintegrating tablets (ODT) Oral & inhaled dosage forms Dry powders Solutions Suspensions Solubility-enhanced dosage forms Amorphous (Spray-dried, HME) dispersions Lipidic vehicles \- Self-emulsifying drug delivery systems (SEDDS) \- Self-micro emulsifying drug delivery systems (SMEDDS) Particle size reduction Complexation Your partner in formulation development Our track record in clinical research means we know what it takes to develop formulations across the full development pathway from preclinical to late stage. From fit-for-purpose preclinical and first-in-human (FIH) dosage forms to optimized drug products for late-stage development and market, we work with you to develop the most appropriate formulation based on the physicochemical and biopharmaceutics properties of your molecule. At a Glance A breadth of rapid formulation capabilities With over 30 years of experience, we provide full-service support for small molecule non-sterile programs, from dosage formulation development to GMP clinical trial manufacturing and commercial drug product supply. Identify and address critical formulation issues quickly We focus on delivering the most appropriate formulations, however complex, to expedite your clinical program. We support rapid progression to your first-in-human evaluation and ensure that your lead drug product can be seamlessly transitioned through development and scale-up. State-of-the-art, recently upgraded, US and UK facilities We have state-of-the-art, recently upgraded pharmaceutical development and clinical manufacturing facilities in the US and UK. Optimize the performance of your formulation We have completed more than 300 drug product formulation optimization programs, involving the clinical evaluation of more than 1,000 formulations. Our unique approach to drug product optimization saves time and increases the potential for success by facilitating decisions based on real-time clinical data. Over 30 years of experience in formulation development We have deep expertise in formulation development, built across more than 30 years and over 1,500 molecules developed. Support your formulation development from preclinical to late stage clinical evaluation Our innovative approach to formulation development is based on our proven track record in early clinical evaluation delivering phase-appropriate formulations across the product development pathway from preclinical to late-stage development. Formulation Development Services Explore our services and programs for small molecule & peptide drug development. Formulation Design Access formulation design expertise in a variety of drug product formats. Learn More Preformulation Screening Access our characterization techniques that speed your molecule's development. Learn More Formulation Optimization Rapid formulation optimization saves time & can increase the potential for success. Learn More Analytical Services How do I ensure the performance of my drug product? Learn More Solubility Enhancement Overcome solubility challenges with your molecule. Learn More First-In-Human How do I select the most appropriate first-in-human formulation? Learn More Modified Release Optimize your modified-release formulations. Learn More Pediatric Development Customized pediatric dosage form solutions. Learn More Gamma Scintigraphy How do I design and conduct my scintigraphic studies? Learn More Inhaled Development Developing an inhaled drug product? Learn More Spray Drying Improving the bioavailability of poorly soluble compounds. Learn More Biopharmaceutics & Pharmacokinetics Overcoming sub-optimal challenges for small molecules and accelerating early drug development. Learn More What's new in Formulation Development? Inhalation, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized from Amorphous API in a Low-Dose Dry Powder Formulation Used for Inhalation Learn More Formulation Development, Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Learn More Pediatrics, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-trial-manufacturing
Clinical Trial Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Clinical Trial Manufacturing Tailored to meet the needs of clinical trial design and clinical manufacturing, focused on producing drugs for use in clinical research. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Trial Manufacturing Real-time clinical manufacturing and supply. Loading... Understanding that early-phase clinical testing is a pivotal milestone in the development of your drug product, Quotient Sciences offers clinical trial manufacturing, testing, and certification services designed to meet your individual requirements. We are focused on producing drug product for use in clinical studies Our innovative method of building integrated Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) and Good Clinical Practice (GCP) programs provides a streamlined, flexible approach to drug product supply that reflects your clinical study design and timeline. At a Glance Flexible, on demand clinical manufacturing We use a variety of clinical manufacturing approaches to make only the product you need, flexible on demand. This is real-time adaptive manufacturing. Tailored clinical manufacturing, to your program Tailor clinical manufacturing, packaging, and clinical trial supplies to reflect your clinical trial design. Reduce your clinical trial costs and timelines Improve your clinical trial cost efficiency by reducing drug substance and drug product waste. On-demand high potency manufacturing Leverage our expertise in high-potency handling and manufacturing to make your product on-demand. Rapid clinical trial design and scale-up Move rapidly through clinical trial design and development to have the capability to efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes. Leverage our expertise to move rapidly through clinical trial design What can Quotient Sciences’ clinical trial manufacturing do for me? We understand the time and cost pressures you face during early-phase evaluation and work with you to ensure a rapid, seamless path from development to clinical trial supply. We can help you move rapidly through clinical trial design and development to have built the capability to efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes to meet the demands of global clinical and patient supply requirements. Dosage Forms We offer clinical manufacturing and testing services for all major dosage forms, including: Solutions and suspensions Drug or blend in bottle Drug or blend in capsule Immediate-, sustained-, and modified-release tablets Solubilized formulations, including amorphous (spray-dried and hot melt extrusion [HME]) dispersions, micronized and lipidic formulations Gels, creams, and ointments Delivery Routes We have extensive experience of developing and manufacturing drug products intended for all major routes of delivery: Oral (solid and liquid forms) Inhaled (pulmonary, nasal) Topical Rectal Parenteral Phase I, II, III Clinical Manufacturing We support all aspects of your drug product supply for Phase I, II, and III clinical studies: Manufacture of all major drug product dosage forms in our US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)- and UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)-approved facilities Packaging, including bottles, blisters, and tubs Multi-language label design (including translation) Post-study drug return and reconciliation Randomization and blinding Schedule I–IV controlled substance handling Shipment logistics and supply tracking Storage and distribution capabilities (ambient, refrigerated, and frozen) Supply chain management to the clinical site Aseptic Manufacturing of Parenteral Drug Product We have over 30 years of experience in the development of parenteral drug products, from candidate development to clinical manufacturing via aseptic filtration techniques. To find out more about our aseptic manufacturing capabilities, click the link below. Aseptic Manufacturing Real-Time Adaptive Manufacturing Quotient Sciences' history and expertise in integrating manufacturing with clinical dosing enables us to manufacture, package, and release products in a matter of days or weeks rather than months. Combined with bright-stock and just-in-time (JIT) approaches, we maximize flexibility around batch size and timing supply to your selected site in response to emerging clinical data or patient recruitment — without affecting the availability of your drug product. Global Clinical Trial Supplies Quotient Sciences can ease the headache of global product supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. We’ll develop and manufacture your drug product, then seamlessly integrate a flexible packaging, labeling, and distribution strategy that's tailored to your clinical trial. Clinical Trial Supplies Clinical Trial Manufacturing: What our customers say "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals Clinical Trial Manufacturing Services Find out more about our GMP clinical trial manufacturing services that will meet your supply needs for investigational medicinal product (IMP) or investigational new drugs (IND) for global clinical trials. Aseptic Manufacturing Our innovative approach enables rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration. Learn More Global Clinical Trial Supplies We can facilitate global clinical trial supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. Our clinical trial supply team works with you ... Learn More High Potency APIs (HPAPIs) Handling Our global facilities are configured with the necessary controls required for the handling and processing of highly potent molecules. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/commercial-manufacturing
Commercial Drug Manufacturing Services | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Commercial Manufacturing Speed-to-market is crucial, but it should never come at the expense of drug product quality. Find out about our tech-transfer, scale-up and commercial manufacturing services. Watch video Loading... Scale-Up and Tech-Transfer Home What We Do Tailored Services Commercial Manufacturing Tailored to your specific drug product and market needs. Loading... Scale up and accelerating to market is crucial, but these should never come at the expense of drug product quality. As a global, trusted development and manufacturing partner, we recognizes that speed, flexibility, and agility are essential for establishing a successful commercial product supply chain. We specialize in providing comprehensive pharmaceutical commercial manufacturing that's tailored to your program's needs, without forsaking quality for speed. Download Info Sheet Decades of global commercial manufacturing experience brought to your program. We manufacture a range of simple to complex dosage forms, with a track record of working with higher-value products that may require lower batch sizes in the market, such as: Oncology therapies Orphan drugs/rare diseases Pediatric indications At a Glance Capabilities, quality, and experience dealing with HPAPIs Whether you need to manufacture a new commercial product or extend your commercial supply chain for an existing product, we have the experience and capabilities to help you overcome the challenges that highly potent APIs (HPAPIs) pose and minimize risk. We support all aspects of Phase III clinical & commercial supply We can support all aspects of your drug product supply for Phase III clinical studies and commercial supply. That includes the manufacture of all oral drug product dosage forms in our US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-, European Medicines Agency (EMA)-, and Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA)-approved facilities. Simple to transfer existing products and processes from another CDMO We have expertise across all key areas; development, analytical, manufacturing, quality, and regulatory. We will help to mitigate risks and can seamlessly transfer existing products and processes, minimizing risk. State-of-the-art, recently upgraded, US and UK facilities We have state-of-the-art, recently upgraded pharmaceutical development and clinical manufacturing facilities in the US and UK. Unique integration offers rapid technology transfer and scale-up Our unique integrated approach makes it seamless to transfer technology from lab scale to pilot scale to commercial manufacturing. We can easily transfer existing products and processes from another contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO). We are a trusted partner in transitioning life-saving medicines to patients. Fast. Commercial manufacturing batch size capabilities For commercial manufacturing of oral solid dose forms, we can support quantities from less than 1 kg to over 500 kg. In addition to manufacturing products for New Drug Application (NDA), Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA), Marketing Authorization Application (MAA), and Japanese New Drug Application (JNDA) registration, the Quotient Sciences team can also support 505(b)(2) and CBE-30 filings. Process validation and registration batches Whether you are preparing for NDA, ANDA, MAA, or JNDA, Quotient Sciences has the expertise and regulatory approval to manufacture your validation and registration batches for the US, the UK, Europe, Brazil, and Japan. Phase III and commercial drug product supply We can support all aspects of your drug product supply for Phase III clinical studies and commercial supply. Manufacture of all oral drug product dosage forms in our US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-, European Medicines Agency (EMA)-, and Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA)-approved facilities Packaging including bottles, blisters, and tubs Dosage forms We have vast experience across an array of dosage forms. Manufacturing for registration batches and commercial supply includes; solid oral dosage forms and oral solutions and suspensions Project Management Project management Quotient Sciences Project Management has over 30 years of experience in supporting drug programs that are in late-stage development and commercial. Our project managers will ensure your commercial readiness by providing end-to-end support, from concept and project scoping to project delivery. Where projects transition across our sites, or intersect with other service providers, we will make the process seamless for you. Technology transfer and scale-up Technology transfer and scale-up both require a high degree of cross-functional integration. We have expertise across all key areas: development, analytical, manufacturing, quality, and regulatory. We can help you mitigate risks and seamlessly advance projects through their development. Learn More High-potency handling Whether you need to manufacture a new commercial product or extend your commercial supply chain for an existing product, we have the capabilities, quality, and experience to help you achieve your goals and overcome the challenges that arise with high-potency active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs) Learn More Commercial Manufacturing Services Scale-Up and Tech-Transfer We can seamlessly advance projects into the later stages of development. Learn More High Potency Commercial Manufacturing We can overcome the commercial manufacturing challenges that arise with HPAPIs. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-trial-manufacturing/global-clinical-trial-supplies
Global Clinical Trial Supplies | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Global Clinical Trial Supplies Accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline with our global clinical trial supply logistics. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Trial Manufacturing Global Clinical Trial Supplies Customized packaging, labeling, and distribution services. We understand the challenges of managing clinical trials at numerous sites across multiple countries. Quotient Sciences can ease the headache of global product supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. Seamless supply strategy We’ll develop and manufacture your drug product, then seamlessly integrate a flexible packaging, labeling, and distribution strategy that's tailored to your clinical trial. Managing the packaging, multi-language labeling, and door-to-door logistics, our clinical trial supply team works with you to design the most efficient process for drug product supply to your central hub or clinical sites, including the provision of bulk drug product or individual patient kits. Key questions we can help you address How much product do I need to manufacture? What packaging do I require? How do I ship to multiple countries? How do I develop a flexible supply chain? How often will my product be required? Who will coordinate the supply chain? Getting your product to the right patient at the right time Flexible product Get the product delivered as bulk, bright stock in primary packaging, or as patient kits – the choice is yours Global supply We can ensure distribution of your product where it’s needed, anywhere in the world, when it’s needed Avoid stockpiling Delivered by bright stock inventory management and just-in-time (JIT) labeling and distribution – only ship product when it is required Protect API Protect precious active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) and drug product – develop a logistics strategy that reduces waste Leverage knowledge Access in-depth knowledge on best practice, from local rules and regulations, through to managing import and export licensing Drug pooling Benefit from flexibility in cross protocols through drug pooling – maximize flexibility by JIT labeling to allow distribution of drug product across multiple clinical protocols 2,000 drug products to more than 150 unique clinical sites Building an effective product supply strategy is vital for rapidly moving through clinical development. Quotient Sciences has supplied over 2,000 drug products to more than 150 unique clinical sites in hospitals and contract research organizations worldwide. Connect with us to learn how we can help support your global clinical trials. Contact Us Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Clinical Trial Manufacturing Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies
Case Studies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Studies Sharing our customers success stories. Home Resources Case Studies At Quotient Sciences our experienced, expert scientific team are passionate about partnering with customers to solve challenges and deliver new medicines, fast. Case Studies are our strongest evidence of delivering strategic results and solving many complex drug development challenges, for customers, across the biotech and pharmaceutical industry. Take an in-depth look at a selection of customer case studies that showcase real-world examples of strategic insights, tailored services and solutions that combine to deliver on our unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. This is our manifesto . Download our Case Studies Bioanalysis Case Study: Copper and Ceruloplasmin-Derived Copper Analysis 27 March 2024 Download Now Translational Pharmaceutics Case Study: Ensysce Biosciences Download Now First-in-Human, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Commercial Manufacturing Case Study: Corcept Therapeutics Download Now Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Commercial Manufacturing Case Study: Pulmatrix Download Now Oncology, Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development Case Study: Clovis Oncology Download Now Drug Substance, API Development Case Study: API Development Download Now Microbiology, Analytical Services Case Study: Analytical & Microbiological Support Download Now Translational Pharmaceutics, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Commercial Manufacturing Case Study: Druggability Technologies (DRGT) Download Now Translational Pharmaceutics, Clinical Pharmacology, First-in-Human Case Study: BioCryst Pharmaceuticals Download Now Translational Pharmaceutics, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Peptide Drug Development Case Study: Stealth BioTherapeutics Download Now Translational Pharmaceutics, Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development, Oncology Case Study: Xspray Pharma Download Now Bioanalysis, Isotopic Labeling Case Study: Stable Isotopic Labeling Download Now Formulation Development, Drug Substance Case Study: Drug Substance Salt Selection Download Now Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, First-in-Human Case Study: MEI Pharma Download Now Flow Chemistry, Drug Substance Case Study: Thermal Rearrangement - Flow Chemistry Download Now Radiosynthesis, Isotopic Labeling, Drug Substance Case Study: Radiosynthesis - Chemically Unstable Intermediate Download Now Translational Pharmaceutics, Peptide Drug Development Case Study: Endevica Bio Download Now Bioanalysis Case Study: Biochemical Assay Optimization, Validation & Application Download Now Bioanalysis Case Study: Insulin Analogues Analysis Download Now Formulation Development, Dr. Andy Lewis Case Study: DCS Classification of NCE Download Now Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/biopharmaceutics-and-pharmacokinetics
Biopharmaceutics & Pharmacokinetics | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Biopharmaceutics & Pharmacokinetics Accelerating early drug development. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Biopharmaceutics & Pharmacokinetics We are committed to helping our customers accelerate early drug development. In today's pharmaceutical development pipeline increasing numbers of molecules present sub-optimal pharmacokinetic (PK) data, such as poor exposure, large variability, short half-life, or Cmax-related adverse events (AEs). Quotient Sciences' can help. Overcoming sub-optimal challenges for small molecules and accelerating early drug development At Quotient Sciences, we support our biotech and pharma customers in the development and optimization of drug products . Our chemists and formulation scientists review the properties of each drug candidate and use their expertise to develop formulations that improve the exposure profile of the compound. To embark on formulation optimization , it is key that we understand the biopharmaceutic properties of the compound, as that will guide the formulation strategy and technology selection. What is biopharmaceutics? Biopharmaceutics is a scientific discipline that examines the interrelationship of the physicochemical properties of the drug, the dosage form in which the drug is given, and the route of administration on the rate and extent of systemic drug absorption (Applied Biopharmaceutics and Pharmacokinetics, Shargel, Wu-Pong and Yu, 5th Edition). In order to deliver the right amount of drug at the right time with the correct concentration within the body to exert a therapeutic effect, our formulators need to understand systemic exposure of the drug. For an orally administered drug, that means understanding the process of absorption and then teasing apart the rate-limiting steps in the process. Biopharmaceutics allows you to understand the solubility, dissolution, and permeability of a compound, and from this, we can then assess the potential fraction absorbed. Our formulators are often able to directly impact the amount of drug absorbed through formulation optimization and improve exposure. Our biopharmaceutics toolbox to overcome challenges with small molecules Understanding the biopharmaceutic properties of your compound can help us identify a formulation strategy that overcomes the challenges the compound faces or can assess the potential for the specific compound to meet the target product profile (TPP). We have a number of tools within our biopharmaceutics toolbox to predict human exposure and drive formulation strategies: Biopharmaceutics Classification System (BCS) and Developability Classification System (DCS) assessment Biorelevant characterization Precipitation experiments Solid-state characterization In-silico predictions from physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling Specialized models The Developability Classification System (DCS) Poorly soluble molecules are increasingly prevalent in early development, requiring enhanced formulation technologies to achieve therapeutic outcomes. The DCS, developed by Dressman and Butler, is a system used to classify the developability potential of compounds based on solubility and permeability. The DCS classifies compounds into four categories: Class I (high solubility, high permeability), Class II (low solubility, high permeability), Class III (high solubility, low permeability), and Class IV (low solubility, low permeability). Most new molecules fall into Class II, which is sub-divided into Class IIa (dissolution limited) and Class IIb (solubility limited). For Class IIa compounds, formulation strategies to improve exposure focus on particle size reduction, such as nanomillling and micronization. For Class IIb compounds, solubility-enhancement strategies such as spray-dried dispersions (SDDs) and lipids may be used. At Quotient Sciences, we use the DCS to help drive formulation strategies for our clients. We can either take your existing data and assign a DCS classification or measure solubility and calculate a predicted human effective permeability (Peff) using GastroPlus® ADMET predictor, which is done by our modeling and simulation group based on the compound structure. Translational Pharmaceutics®: Integrated programs to accelerate early drug development Traditional drug development programs rely heavily on using preclinical models to predict exposure in humans. This can be risky and inefficient, given the poor correlation of exposure between pre-clinical species and humans. At Quotient Sciences, our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform integrates drug substance, drug product development, real-time adaptive Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing, and clinical testing activities under a single organization. We use biopharmaceutics information along with the DCS to select a formulation strategy, and then within a clinical study use rapid ‘make-test’ cycles to select and optimize formulations in real time based on arising clinical data. This innovative approach reduces development risks, maximizes the probability of clinical success, and saves time and costs for our customers. Translational Pharmaceutics® has now been used by pharma and biotech companies on over 500 drug programs. The financial benefits and time savings were quantified in a publication by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) . On-Demand Webinar Translational Pharmaceutics Getting it Right Early: The Importance of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development 1 June 2022 Watch Now Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Formulation Development Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/human-adme
Human ADME Studies | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Human ADME Studies How can I simplify the delivery of my Human ADME Study? Watch video Loading... Contact us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Human ADME Studies Simplifying study delivery while maximizing data output. Loading... A human mass balance/ADME study is required for New Drug Applications (NDA). Quotient Sciences is a leading provider of human ADME 14C radiolabeled studies. Download Whitepaper Human ADME know-how and regulatory expertise The goal of a human mass balance study is to understand how drugs are absorbed, metabolized, and excreted (AME) after dosing. This information is critical as it helps determine if any other clinical investigations might be necessary for a new drugs regulatory approval. Whether you're approaching the end of Phase II clinical development or planning for your regulatory submission, Quotient Sciences can help you simplify the delivery of your human ADME studies, whilst maximizing data output. We have the scientific expertise and operational know-how to design and deliver human ADME programs in preparation for New Drug Application (NDA), Marketing Authorization Application (MAA), and global regulatory filings. Synthesis-to-Clinic®: Integrated Human ADME Studies Quotient Sciences' Synthesis-to-Clinic® approach pulls all the necessary elements required for the completion of a human ADME program together into a single, integrated program of work. We drive efficient development and manufacturing of 14C drug products tailored to the specific requirements of your ADME program — including intravenous (IV) products to generate IV pharmacokinetic and absolute bioavailability data, where appropriate. Human ADME Studies: What our customers say We conducted a 14C human ADME study with Quotient Sciences… We were extremely satisfied with all aspects of the study, including project management, formulation development, manufacture, clinical conduct, and reporting. We would use Quotient Sciences again for this type of study. Oliver Schueller Senior Vice President , Kadmon, a Sanofi Company Our experts Iain Shaw is Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development at Quotient Sciences. Iain has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including more than 20 years of drug development experience and extensive experience with 14C human ADME studies. Meet Iain Our capabilities Our team of experts have extensive chemical and radiochemical knowledge and experience of isotopically labeling hundreds of molecular entities. Isotopic Labeling What's new in Human ADME? Human ADME, First-in-Human Delivering Human ADME Studies By: Iain Shaw Learn More Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Learn More Candidate Development, First-in-Human How to streamline the development of your molecule from candidate selection to first-in-human clinical testing By: Stephen Byard Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/isotope-labeling
14C Isotope Labeling | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact 14C Isotope Labeling Isotopically labeled materials to support your development pathway to the clinic. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology 14C Isotope Labeling Accelerating your drug compounds to the clinic. Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled (14C/stable isotope labeled [SIL]) materials to support your non-clinical and clinical development. Quotient Sciences supports the design and conduct of both non-clinical and clinical human ADME studies for research, development, and regulatory purposes. We are experts in the safe handling of 14C-labeled high-potency/high-hazard compounds (cytotoxics) and 14C-labeled gases and volatiles, including 14CO2. Our radiochemists work closely with our analytical and drug product teams to deliver a solution-focused service to our customers, throughout all stages of drug development. Trust us to deliver on time and in full, with a 98% delivery rate. Our facilities are UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)-accredited, and we offer full Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) synthesis of 14C-labeled compounds for human studies. Customers who have placed both their pre-clinical and clinical studies with us have shortened their time to clinic and saved on development costs by avoiding the need for re-synthesis. We have a 98% delivery rate and take great pride in delivering on time and in full for our customers. Human ADME Info Sheet Ask the experts Meet Iain Shaw, Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development More About Iain Radiolabeling expertise available as a standalone service or part of an integrated program. As part of a Synthesis-to-Clinic® program, we pull all necessary elements required to complete a human ADME program into a single program of work that includes radiosynthesis to the final clinical report. This drives efficient development and manufacturing of 14C drug products tailored to the specific requirements of your ADME program — including intravenous (IV) products to generate IV pharmacokinetic and absolute bioavailability data, where appropriate. Real-time GMP manufacture and QP release of 14C drug products, facilitated by Synthesis-to-Clinic®. On-site pharmaceutical sciences facilities for the development, real-time GMP manufacture, and Qualified Person (QP) release of 14C drug products enable us to supply oral and parenteral formulations for ADME studies seamlessly. GMP manufacturing of 14C drug product is conducted in the same building as clinical dosing and real-time adaptive manufacturing, allowing us to support ADME studies in patients at specialist clinics. Learn more about our expertise and capabilities in our whitepaper, "Synthesis to Clinic®: A streamlined approach to 14C human ADME studies." Download Whitepaper State-of-the-art equipment for isotopic labeling Our heritage in drug development and the presence of bioanalytical experts under the same roof allow us to design and deliver stable isotope labeled internal standards with the correct properties for successful bioanalysis studies. Vacuum manifold equipment for handling volatile 14 C starting materials Preparative chromatography systems to maximize radiolabeled material recovery with high velocity High-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) Liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS) Gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (GC-MS) Liquid scintillation counters Radio-thin-layer chromatography (radio-TLC) imagers H-Cube flow hydrogenation systems More information about our services What is 14C isotope radiolabeling? Human ADME studies provide data for mass balance, pharmacokinetics, and metabolite characterization. This allows detailed understanding of the metabolism of a drug candidate to support regulatory submission. A synthesis of the drug candidate is designed that uses a radioactive starting material to introduce one or more 14C atoms into the final structure. The labeling position is chosen to maximize the metabolic data that can be determined and builds upon hundreds of years of experience in designing short and economical routes ensuring high velocity of material delivery. The material produced has the same pharmacokinetic and metabolic properties as the unlabeled compound, but the presence of the radioactive element allows quantification of the parameters being studied. What is stable isotope labeling (SIL)? Mass spectrometry is the workhorse of bioanalysis, with millions of samples being analyzed daily across the world. Accurate quantification of the test substance is key and is accomplished using an internal standard. SIL materials provide ideal internal standards for studying development candidates. A copy of the molecule is produced containing SIL atoms. These are not radioactive but can be distinguished from the unlabeled material by mass spectrometry, enhancing the accuracy of the measurements made. Contact Us Today Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/gamma-scintigraphy
Gamma Scintigraphy Formulation | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Gamma Scintigraphy Imaging How do I design and conduct my scintigraphic studies? Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Gamma Scintigraphy Early-stage evaluation of drug delivery systems in vivo, in real time. Gamma scintigraphy is a proven imaging technique used to visualize the in vivo performance of pharmaceutical dosage forms. Quotient Sciences have over 30 years’ experience in the design, conduct and reporting of scintigraphic studies. Real-time observation of clinical performance We can help you understand the impact of formulation composition, patient factors and human physiology on clinical outcomes. Low levels of a gamma-emitting isotope are included in the formulation during product manufacture to allow real-time observation of clinical performance following dosing in human subjects. Key applications include: oral and inhaled drug delivery Oral drug product performance: Assessment and optimization of modified release dosage forms, including delayed, sustained, pulsatile and gastroretentive modalities Quantification of the rate and anatomical sites of tablet erosion Correlation of formulation performance with pharmacokinetic measurements Formulation optimization for targeted GI drug delivery and local disease treatment Understanding the impact of food on formulation performance Evaluating formulation for local disease treatment Inhaled drug product performance: Assessment and optimization of nasal and pulmonary drug products Understanding the impact of formulation, device and patient factors on in vivo deposition Targeting drug delivery for local or systemic disease treatment Comparing the clinical performance of different devices and products Gamma scintigraphy is also used to study the pharmacodynamics of new chemical entities Concomitant administration of radiolabelled food or placebo systems with clinical formulations can allow the observation and quantification of pharmacological effects. Examples include: Quantification of the rate of gastric emptying, and small intestinal and colon transit; Assessment of gall bladder emptying; Measurement of lung mucociliary clearance Gamma scintigraphic assessments can be included with a standard Phase I clinical protocol, and combined with standard safety, pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic endpoints. Statistics, Pharmacokinetics and Scintigraphics Our scintigraphic analysts provide expert review and interpretation of scintigraphic data, providing both qualitative and quantitative analysis of drug product performance and pharmacodynamic effects during a study. We have designed, delivered and reported >100 scintigraphy studies across a range of drug products. Data Sciences Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/integrated-pharmacy-compounding
Integrating Pharmacy Compounding & GMP Manufacturing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrating Pharmacy Compounding & GMP Manufacturing Accelerate through first-in-human testing and seamlessly supply drug product into patient trials Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Integrated Pharmacy Compounding and GMP Manufacturing Accelerate your molecule from first in human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC). Pharmacy compounding offers a simple and streamlined pathway to start FIH clinical testing At the early development stage, leveraging pharmacy compounding, you can remove the need for extensive chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) investment or active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) consumption. Quotient Sciences provides integrated pharmacy compounding, formulation, Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing, and clinical testing solutions to help you achieve your POC milestones quickly, shortening development time while reducing costs. Dose preparations can be made in real time, which gives our clients the flexibility to make quick and informed changes to the dose or formulation based on human data in order to respond to changes in the FIH protocol design. Download Info Sheet We help you seamlessly scale up: Start your FIH trial with a fit-for-purpose pharmacy preparation We can help you develop a cost-effective dosage form for your FIH trial that provides maximum dose flexibility to achieve your Phase I objectives. Bridge formulations within the same FIH protocol Next, we'll help you evaluate formulation technologies and different dosage forms so you can select a patient-ready formulation to move forward. Supply product to start your patient trials Finally, we provide you with an immediate clinical trial material supply, ready for packaging and shipment, so you can start your Phase II proof-of-concept (POC) trials. Simple and streamlined Begin your Phase I first-in-human testing with a simple, fit-for-purpose pharmacy preparation to get in the clinic quickly. See how we can help. Have a challenging molecule? We've earned a reputation for our biopharmaceutics and formulation development expertise in supporting our customers through the development of even the most complex molecules. Leveraging our expertise and our supporting GMP manufacturing capabilities for solubility enhancement and complex oral solid dosage forms, including modified-release (MR) and immediate-release (IR) capsules and tablets, we can help achieve your goals of getting to FIH trials, then to POC. Our solubility-enhancement technologies to produce solubilized intermediates and final dosage forms include: Lipidic systems Micronization Spray drying Hot melt extrusion Benefits of using an integrated pharmacy-manufacturing approach Quickly and cost-effectively start clinical testing with a fit-for-phase pharmacy preparation Manage CMC investment in dosage form development appropriately as a molecule progresses and key elements are de-risked Select an appropriate dosage form for the FIH trial that provides maximum dose flexibility to achieve Phase I objectives Evaluate different formulation options and select a lead system to move forward Develop and bridge to a solid oral drug product for patient trials within the same program of work Seamlessly start Phase II trials on time with immediate supply of clinical trial material Minimize the number of vendors and simplify the supply chain Manage quantities of API and drug product costs Loading... Take a look at our Miami, FL compounding pharmacy Located at our clinical pharmacology facility in Miami , Florida, our 2,500 ft 2 compounding pharmacy has been built to support rapid and cost-effective dose preparations, including oral solutions, suspensions, drug or powder in capsule or bottle, and sterile preparations for parenteral delivery for both API and GMP intermediates. Built with the necessary International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 5 and 7 standards in place, our pharmacy meets United States Pharmacopeia (USP) 795, 797, and 800 compounding requirements to ensure both operator and patient safety for high-potency and high-risk molecules up to Performance-Based Level of Exposure Classification (PBLEC) 5. Rapidly go from FIH to POC trials Leverage our integrated services to simplify your outsourcing and advance a patient-friendly GMP drug product into POC trials as efficiently as possible. Our compounding pharmacy is fully integrated with our pharmaceutical development and GMP manufacturing facilities located in the US and UK. Contact Us Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/spotlight-miami-qa
Spotlight on Miami - Q&A | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Spotlight on Miami - Q&A Site Spotlight , Miami , Pharmacy Compounding , Clinical Pharmacology Spotlight on Miami - Q&A By: Harpreet Smith As Sr. Director of Operations at Quotient Sciences, Miami, Harpreet is responsible for the day-to-day running of the clinical pharmacology unit. She oversees an experienced team of nurses, clinical, and laboratory staff to deliver healthy volunteer studies successfully, on time, and to the highest quality standards. You mentioned that you started off in nursing, so why did you pursue a career progress into the pharmaceutical industry? Early in my career as a dialysis nurse, I took care of patients with major health problems. I saw firsthand the benefits they received from newly marketed treatments and this made me determined to develop my career in clinical research. I earned a Master of Science degree in Nursing with a specialty in Clinical Research Management from Duke University and my role at Quotient allowed me to use my clinical background and education to set up and run early-phase studies. I am passionate about using new technologies in drug development and have spearheaded our transition from paper to electronic source documentation and managed the start-up of an on-site laboratory within our Miami clinic. Have you always worked in the Clinical Pharmacology space? After working as an acute dialysis nurse, I moved into early-phase clinical research and have worked in the clinical pharmacology space for the last 21 years. I love working in the early phase as it’s fast-paced, the projects move quickly, and customers are always keen to see the clinical data. As the Senior Director of Operations, what does your day-to-day look like? No two days are the same and with a global client base, I have to work flexibly to provide support across different time zones. A typical workday may include making rounds in the clinic, reviewing new protocols with our Sr. Medical Director, and discussing continuous improvement plans with operational colleagues. The one constant, however, is working side by side with my team, to overcome any challenges in the delivery of projects for our customers. What do you enjoy most about your role and why? Knowing that we are helping to develop new medicines and get them to patients faster is exciting and very rewarding. What better mission can one have? How do you see your role evolving over time as the business grows? In recent years I have been working with Quotient’s senior leadership to strengthen and expand the capabilities in Miami. For example, we have just finished a huge project to build a new industry-leading compounding pharmacy, capable of preparing a broad range of dosage forms for first-in-human and early-phase clinical studies. This project took nearly 9 months to complete and was a considerable investment for our organization. We now have state-of-the-art cleanroom suites meeting USP 797 and USP 800 standards to prepare sterile and non-sterile dosage forms and handle both hazardous and non-hazardous compounds. As the company grows, my role will continue to evolve as we broaden our service offerings to support our client’s needs in the drug development process. Tell us about the Miami facility and what role it plays within Quotient’s early development network The Miami site specializes in clinical pharmacology studies with a proven track record of almost a thousand studies over the past 25 years. With 144 beds and a large recruitment database of 20,000 healthy volunteers, we’re known for being able to rapidly start up new studies in record time and complete studies quickly with full cohorts of subjects. We also work closely with our Quotient teams in Philadelphia (US), Nottingham, Reading, and Edinburgh (UK) to deliver highly bespoke programs of work that save clients considerable time and money. Translational Pharmaceutics® is our unique platform which integrates formulation development, manufacturing, and clinical testing to deliver exceptional benefits to clients. A recent white paper from Tufts CSDD concludes that Translational Pharmaceutics® reduces development times by 12 months on average and creates significant financial gains ($ multi-million) for biotech/pharma companies. What benefits do clients receive by working with a development and manufacturing organization that also has clinical pharmacology expertise? Quotient Sciences has development, manufacturing, and clinical pharmacology expertise across multiple sites in the US and UK. Our clients are therefore able to place projects at any of our sites and Quotient can integrate different activities to accelerate their drug development plan. For example, our Philadelphia team can develop and manufacture new drug products (e.g. tablets or capsules) which can then be rapidly tested in clinical studies at our Miami clinic. This tight integration helps us get new medicines to patients faster. Since Quotient Sciences acquired the Miami facility back in 2017, what additions and improvements have been made to better support our client’s needs? Until the recent addition of our new pharmacy, a lot of our focus has been on strengthening our Project Management and Data Sciences functions and adopting a multidisciplinary team structure for project delivery. We have also recruited and trained many new employees to increase our overall capability and capacity and laid the framework for continued growth and development. Feedback from client questionnaires indicates that these changes have made a really positive impact on their programs, especially with enhanced levels of project communications. With all this expansion in facilities comes a need to continually increase headcount. How much has changed in terms of the number of employees at the Miami location since you started up until now? I have seen Quotient Sciences Miami grow significantly during my tenure. We have dedicated a lot of time towards becoming efficient and ensuring that our new employees become capable and experienced in supporting our existing team. We also have great employee engagement and retention, and as such, I am surrounded by many dedicated and long-serving team members, many of whom have been with us for over 10 years. For any qualified candidates looking for a position at Quotient Sciences Miami, what can they look forward to? Teamwork. Joining a great company like Quotient Sciences is a competitive effort on the part of new hires and we select only the top candidates to join our team. Team members can expect a collaborative and hands-on approach to delivering projects and a leadership team that encourages working together, driving for results, and operational excellence. Can you tell us about the new pharmacy capabilities? How does this help customers who want to start clinical studies quickly? Quotient Sciences is the only drug development provider that can offer pharmacy compounding, GMP drug product manufacturing, and clinical testing all under the same organization. Our experienced pharmacy team and new cleanrooms enable us to prepare low, medium, and high-risk compounded products for dosing in the Miami clinic. Using the formulation and manufacturing capabilities across the Quotient Sciences network, we can then help our clients seamlessly transition from simple first-in-human pharmacy formulations to a robust solid oral product for their downstream patient trials. By simplifying the supply chain with an integrated project team and a single development partner this offering enables our clients to achieve proof-of-concept up to 15 months faster. Tell us how the Miami facility can support our client’s clinical pharmacology needs and deliver studies with quality service and speed. Our clinical pharmacology expertise encompasses first-in-human (SAD/MAD), DDI, food effect, TQT, and BA/BE studies. Our experienced and dedicated project managers work closely with the IRB and screening team to ensure timely enrollment. We are accustomed to helping clients with rapid study start-ups and with an on-site CLIA-certified laboratory for fast turnaround times, we work to get clinical data to our clients quickly – but not at the expense of quality. Our excellent regulatory inspection history speaks to the high-quality delivery by our project and clinical teams. What else do you think differentiates Quotient from other drug development organizations? Our clients rely on the expertise of Quotient Sciences to accelerate their drug development programs in a variety of ways. Uniquely, Quotient provides both clinical pharmacology/research ( CRO services ) and pharmaceutical development & manufacturing ( CDMO services ) to the pharmaceutical and biotech industry. These services can be provided individually, or as an integrated service which has been shown to dramatically shorten development times, reduce outsourcing costs, and significantly simplify supply chains for customers. Meet the author: Harpreet Smith Share: Latest blogs Careers, Miami Colleague Stories: A day in the life of a Project Manager at Quotient Sciences Learn more Site Spotlight, Alnwick, Drug Substance, Bioanalysis, Radiolabeling, Gareth Jenkins An introduction to Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, through the eyes of Gareth Jenkins By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Learn more Site Spotlight, Nottingham, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Andrew Lewis Spotlight on Nottingham By: Clare Preskey & Dr. Andrew Lewis Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/miami-fl-usa
Miami, FL, USA | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Welcome to Quotient Sciences - Miami, FL, USA Home About Us Locations Miami, FL, USA Miami, FL, USA 3898 NW 7th Street, Miami, FL 33126 (305) 644-9903 Get Directions Services Translational Pharmaceutics® Clinical Pharmacology All Services Site Spotlight, Miami, Pharmacy Compounding, Clinical Pharmacology Spotlight on Miami - Q&A By: Harpreet Smith Read More Loading... Overview Quotient Sciences - Miami is a dedicated, state-of-the-art, clinical pharmacology facility. During a period of rapid growth in the US, we acquired the specialist facility in 2017 from Seaview Research . Over 650 Phase I clinical studies completed 144-bed clinical unit with dedicated FIH wards On-site pharmacy , with clean rooms for aseptic products 19,000 active healthy volunteers in our database Recruitment for special subject populations What's new at Quotient Sciences - Miami? More News News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Completes Million Dollar Pharmacy Expansion at Miami Clinic Read Now More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/spotlight-nottingham
Spotlight on Nottingham | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Spotlight on Nottingham Site Spotlight , Nottingham , Translational Pharmaceutics , Dr. Andrew Lewis Spotlight on Nottingham By: Clare Preskey & Dr. Andrew Lewis We asked Clare Preskey, Senior Director of Clinical Operations, and Andy Lewis, Vice President of Pharmaceutical Sciences to share their thoughts on our Nottingham, UK clinical facility. Andy Lewis, Vice President, Pharmaceutical Sciences at Quotient Sciences As Vice President of Pharmaceutical Sciences at Quotient Sciences, Nottingham, Andy has over 15 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and biotech industry. He currently leads a team of scientists working in formulation development, clinical manufacturing, and pharmaceutical analysis that support client development projects. What is your role at Quotient and what exactly does a VP of Pharmaceutical Sciences do? I currently head up the pharmaceutical sciences (PharmSci) department in Nottingham which is focused on developing, manufacturing, and analyzing drug products that are dosed in our clinics to healthy volunteers and patients all over the world in later-stage clinical trials. It’s a huge team effort that also involves dedicated teams managing our supply chain, facilities, equipment, and logistics to meet stringent regulatory and quality standards and to ensure that our medicines are ready and in the right place at the right time. My responsibilities lie in making sure that our PharmSci team has everything they need to do their jobs to the best of their ability, both now and in the future. Developing the skillsets and careers of our workforce is important to me and a lot of my time is devoted to identifying opportunities for training and personal development. Tell us about your background training, early career, and how it all has led you to your current role here at Quotient Sciences. I originally trained as a pharmacist and quickly realized I wanted to work in the pharmaceutical industry during a summer placement in Zeneca (as it was then known) before completing my training at Pfizer. My first role as a scientist was at the University of Queensland in Brisbane, Australia where we were mathematically modeling drug uptake in the liver. We wrote several publications on this work before I returned to Nottingham to do a PhD. During my PhD, we developed in vitro models for drug metabolism and toxicity studies, and together with my supervisor we attempted to commercialize them as an alternative to preclinical animal studies through a University spin-out company. Following that, I worked for another start-up biotech which was focused on advanced drug delivery. Gaining experience in a start-up environment was invaluable to me as it gave me exposure to many different aspects of the industry that I might not have had the opportunity to at other places. Startups are very fast-paced, entrepreneurial environments where it’s common to challenge the status quo and make risk-based decisions – always balancing time and cost. In my next role, I moved to a mid-size biotech, Ipsen where I set up a new group to access externally developed innovations in drug delivery. Over 4 years, this group expanded to around 10 scientists, engineers, and technology scouts, with my team split across three sites in France. I had global responsibility for product development which included novel formulation technologies and drug delivery devices. By the time I left, we had projects at every stage of development – from preclinical through to lifecycle management. I was pleased to see one of the products we developed, which I’m a named inventor on, was launched a couple of years ago. Having worked with several different CDMOs on various projects I came to value Quotient’s integrated approach to drug development even more. When a job opening arose at just the right time, I joined Quotient and have now been here for about four years, which have flown, and I have loved every minute of it. What was Quotient Sciences like when you started and how has it evolved over the years? When I first started we only had the Nottingham and Edinburgh sites, and PharmSci in Nottingham was about two-thirds the size it is today. We were, and continue to be, very busy, delivering an increasing number of projects every year. We are lucky to have a talented pool of scientists in the East Midlands area of the UK and have managed to recruit and retain some brilliant people to support Quotient’s growth. By the end of my first year, Quotient had acquired facilities in Reading, Philadelphia, and Miami and all of a sudden, we were a global organization. This has given us tremendous development opportunities for our staff and I’m very excited to be part of the next phase of growth. What do you enjoy most about your role and why? How do you see your role evolving as the business grows? Undoubtedly, the thing I enjoy most about my role is the group of people I work with. Someone once said, “If you’re the smartest person in the room, you’re in the wrong room”, and I am lucky to be working with some brilliant people across the organization that I learn from. But more than that is the spirit and camaraderie we have here at Quotient, it’s something quite special, and no matter what issue we’re dealing with you’re guaranteed people will be smiling. I’m not sure I’ve ever worked anywhere where so many people are friends just as much as colleagues. What are the key formulation and manufacturing strengths at the Nottingham site and how do you support customer programs? In Nottingham, we are experts in formulating small molecule APIs. We can develop, analyze, and manufacture almost all types of dosage forms – from simple drug in capsules to more complex ones such as DPIs and intravenous injections. Solid oral and inhaled dosage forms are our core strength, particularly modified release where we can employ numerous different technologies to obtain the desired performance. We also have specialized capabilities in the development of various radiolabelled drug products – for use in ADME studies, or gamma scintigraphy studies to visualize formulation performance in vivo. A key capability we have is real-time adaptive manufacturing – our cross-functional project teams work together to enable the manufacture and release of a drug product immediately before dosing. This is what we call Translational Pharmaceutics, our unique platform which is an industry disrupter –enabling us to respond to emerging clinical data and optimize drug products more efficiently than the traditional drug development processes. Can you talk more about Translational Pharmaceutics® and how it is used today by customers? Translational Pharmaceutics® is unique to Quotient Sciences and is a platform that accelerates drug development by integrating formulation development, real-time manufacturing, and clinical testing. It was developed here in Nottingham and has been used over the last decade by global pharmaceutical and biotech companies across over 400 drug programs. Put simply it integrates a wide array of activities under a single service provider, reducing the “white space” in development and shortens times between clinical manufacturing and dosing, from months to days. Translational Pharmaceutics is used to advance molecules across the full development cycle and key applications include: Transitioning molecules from first-in-human (FIH) to proof-of-concept (POC) Development and optimization of clinical formulations Has there been any independent research looking at the time and cost benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics? Yes, recently the prestigious Tufts Centre for the Study of Drug Development in Boston evaluated the time and subsequent financial benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics in a range of different program types. The recent paper by Joseph DiMasi in the Therapeutic Innovation & Regulatory Science (TIRS) Journal, quantified the financial benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics, demonstrating >12 months of acceleration of development and multi-million dollar reductions in R&D costs. This research makes me proud of what we’re doing in helping get new medicines to patients faster and having a positive impact on the health of many thousands of people around the world. Clare Preskey, Senior Director, Clinical Operations at Quotient Sciences As Senior Director of Clinical Operations, Clare is responsible for the oversight of day-to-day activities that take place in our Nottingham Phase I clinical unit. This includes volunteer screening and management, oversight of our clinical laboratory and pharmacy teams to ensure on-time project delivery, and driving continuous improvement and innovation initiatives. Looking back to when you were first starting your career, was your goal to be where you are now? I have always held a passion for science and the study of physiology and pharmacology and I started my career at Quotient Sciences in 2010 fresh out of university as a Clinical Scientist. My key responsibilities were ensuring the well-being of our volunteers and the collection of clinical data. I then moved into Project Management where I gained valuable experience in customer management and developed a broader understanding of our business. Over the past 9 years, I have held several roles within Project Management with my most recent role being a Team Lead. I have always held a passion for clinical sciences and operational excellence and my current position of Senior Director, Clinical Operations is a natural fit for me. What are some of the biggest changes and improvements that you have seen over the years at Quotient Sciences? When I first joined Quotient, we were a much smaller business with one building containing our 30-bed clinical unit, a GMP suite, and approximately 100 employees. The biggest change is the vast expansion in facilities and capacity, and the evolution of our Translational Pharmaceutics platform. Quotient never stands still; we are always pushing boundaries in the industry, trying to do things better and more efficiently! Despite our growth, the ethos of who we are and what we do has not changed. The people at Quotient are at the heart of the business; we have a ‘family-like’ culture with tight-knit teams. Close teamwork is imperative when managing complex and integrated projects in short timeframes for our customers. Quotient has always had a big focus on continuous improvement and high-quality standards - I am privileged to work with such committed and talented teams. What do you enjoy most about your role and why? How do you see your role evolving as the business grows? The environment at Quotient is dynamic and fast-paced, and every day brings different challenges and opportunities! We work with so many different customers, molecules, and study designs. I love what we do, and I always feel energized to come to work every day, ready to learn and take on the next challenge. My colleagues at Quotient are incredibly passionate and dedicated to every one of our projects and customers. We learn and grow together, expanding our knowledge and gaining new skills. Getting things right the first time is very important to me. What do you think is one of the biggest successes at the Nottingham site? As a business, we have grown very quickly, but at the same time, we’ve been able to retain our core values, agility, and integrated processes. One of our biggest successes is that it still feels like a small company, even though we now have over 900 employees across 6 sites globally. How do the functions of clinical operations and pharmaceutical sciences integrate seamlessly to deliver Translational Pharmaceutics to our customers? Teamwork is key to any Translational Pharmaceutics program and establishing cohesive communication channels across multiple departments. Our integrated processes have been built up over many years of experience, with SOPs and protocols geared to be highly flexible and adaptive, however, planning is also an essential ingredient embedded in all our operational processes (i.e. kick-off meetings, dummy runs) to ensure the highest quality project delivery that is the right first time. Meet the author: Clare Preskey & Dr. Andrew Lewis Share: Latest blogs Nottingham, Careers Colleague Stories: Yolanda Gibson Learn more Careers, Nottingham Colleague Stories: Interview with Adrian Hurry Learn more Careers, Nottingham Colleague Stories: Interview with Jordan Dickens Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/nottingham-uk
Nottingham, UK (HQ) | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Welcome to Quotient Sciences - Nottingham, UK Global Headquarters Home About Us Locations Nottingham, UK (HQ) Address Quotient Sciences - Nottingham, UK Mere Way, Ruddington, Nottingham, UK, NG11 6JS +44 (0)115 974 9000 Get Directions Services Translational Pharmaceutics® Clinical Pharmacology Formulation Development Clinical Trial Manufacturing All Services Site Spotlight, Nottingham, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Andrew Lewis Spotlight on Nottingham By: Clare Preskey & Dr. Andrew Lewis Read More Overview Quotient Sciences corporate headquarters in Nottingham, UK has been our base since 1990 . Our Nottingham HQ is home to a team of talented scientists and teams of people, working in a range of corporate functions including: Administration Clinical trial manufacturing and clinical pharmacology Corporate strategy and transformation Environmental health and safety Finance Human resources Information technology Legal Clinical Pharmacology Facility Over 650 Phase I studies completed Clinical unit with a dedicated 14 C ADME ward and laboratory On-site pharmaceutical laboratories and GMP manufacturing 7,000 active healthy volunteers in our database 45 Phase I CTA submissions annually (more than any other UK unit) What's new at Quotient Sciences - Nottingham? More News News & Announcements, Nottingham, UK Quotient Sciences Expands Formulation Development Capabilities at Nottingham, UK Read Now News & Announcements, Translational Pharmaceutics®, Nottingham, UK, Reading, UK Quotient Sciences Expands UK Facilities to Support the Delivery of Translational Pharmaceutics® Programs Read Now News & Announcements, Nottingham, UK Quotient Sciences Sponsors 2022 Nottingham Festival of Science and Curiosity Read Now More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/poster-spotlight-absorption-metabolism-excretion-masitinib
Investigating AME of Masitinib | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Scientific Poster Spotlight: Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism, and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects Human ADME , Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism, and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects At the International Society for the Study of Xenobiotics (ISSX) conference in September 2022, Quotient Sciences [1], AB Science [2], the Netherlands Organisation for Applied Scientific Research (TNO) [3], and Pharmaron-UK [4] presented a poster investigating the absorption, metabolism, and excretion of masitinib, an oral tyrosine-kinase inhibitor that targets mast cells and macrophages and is currently in development as a potential treatment for neurology, inflammatory diseases, oncology, and viral diseases. The key objectives of the open-label, single-period, radiolabeled study were to assess mass balance recovery, determine routes and rates of elimination, and enable metabolite profiling and identification for masitinib. Six healthy male volunteers received a single oral dose of 14 C-masitinib in the fasted state. Blood, plasma, urine, and faeces samples were collected until 168 hours post-dose and analyzed for total radioactivity (TRA) by accelerator mass spectrometry (AMS). Samples collected during the study were pooled across time points and subjects, and metabolite profiling and identification were performed using an ultra-performance liquid chromatography (UPLC) system coupled to a high-resolution accurate mass spectrometer (HRMS). On average, 69% of the radioactive dose was recovered by the end of the sampling period, with the majority recovered in faeces. The main metabolites were identified, and the study results led to a hypothesis that there may be covalent binding of some masitinib metabolites to plasma proteins. Overall, this study provided valuable insights on the absorption, metabolism, and excretion of masitinib, which informed the drug development program and regulatory filings. Access the poster Poster authors 1\. Quotient Sciences: I Shaw, S Mair 2\. AB Science: F Pitré, F Bellamy 3\. TNO: W Vaes, R de Ligt 4\. Pharmaron-UK: R Cooke Share: Read more from our experts More Blogs Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism, and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects Read More Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Read More Drug Substance, Clinical Pharmacology Innovation Spotlight: Will Psychedelics Revolutionize the Treatment of Mental Illnesses? By: Emilie Bergström Read More More Blogs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/poster-spotlight-decade-of-human-adme-at-quotient-sciences
Over A Decade of Human ADME Studies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Human ADME , Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes With a draft FDA guidance on Clinical Pharmacology Considerations for Human Radiolabeled Mass Balance Studies currently under review, there is considerable interest in the design and conduct of human absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion ( ADME ) studies. At the International Society for the Study of Xenobiotics (ISSX) conference in September 2022, Quotient Sciences presented a poster reviewing the approximately 200 radiolabeled studies the organization has performed over the past decade. The poster included examples where study designs have been adapted to address specific challenges presented by new drug candidates such as: Molecules with a long half-life: When the half-life of a drug would make a main residency period too long to be practical, a main residency period of 14–21 days and then several 24-hour return visits can be scheduled to enable the collection of excreta samples for total radioactivity analysis. The recovery curve can then be extrapolated to demonstrate what the likely outcome would have been if a full residency period had been feasible. Integrated intravenous microtracer (IVMT)/ADME studies: Integrating an IVMT with a conventional human ADME study is a highly efficient method to assess absolute bioavailability, mass balance, routes and rates of excretion, and metabolite characterization. Extending the overall sample analysis to assess intravenous (IV) mass balance can enable an understanding of key parameters impacting bioavailability, such as fraction absorbed (f a ), fraction surviving gut metabolism (f g ), and fraction surviving hepatic elimination (f h ). Potent drugs: Given the challenges of completing the synthesis of the radiolabeled drug at the required specific activity and/or the limitation on the sensitivity of methods and instrumentation for sample analysis, potent drugs often require a hybrid approach to sample analysis, involving both conventional methods and accelerator mass spectrometry (AMS)-enabled methods. ADME at steady state: ADME can be investigated at a steady state by administering a single radiolabeled dose after establishing a steady state by multiple dosing of the non-radiolabeled drug. This approach only evaluates the clearance pathway of the radiolabeled drug after a single administration, but it is a practical compromise. An alternative approach is to divide the radiolabeled dose across the multiple doses required to achieve a steady state, but this can result in more challenging analysis requirements. Particular study populations: While most human ADME studies can be conducted in healthy male volunteers, occasionally different subject populations may be required (e.g. female subjects, target patient populations, or healthy volunteers with a specific genotype status). Having to identify and recruit patients or provide additional characterization of healthy subjects before they can be recruited adds complexity to the subject recruitment process for the study. Human ADME study designs should be adapted to address the particular challenges of each molecule under investigation. The approaches described to obtain human ADME data demonstrate the advances in technology available to investigate and understand the disposition of drugs in development. Access poster Poster authors: Iain Shaw, Gareth Whitaker, Katie Stuart Share: Read more from our experts More Blogs Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism, and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects Read More Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Read More Drug Substance, Clinical Pharmacology Innovation Spotlight: Will Psychedelics Revolutionize the Treatment of Mental Illnesses? By: Emilie Bergström Read More More Blogs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/innovation-spotlight-will-psychedelics-revolutionize-treatment-mental-illnesses
Spotlight: Psychedelics & Treatment | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Innovation Spotlight: Will Psychedelics Revolutionize the Treatment of Mental Illnesses? Drug Substance , Clinical Pharmacology Innovation Spotlight: Will Psychedelics Revolutionize the Treatment of Mental Illnesses? By: Emilie Bergström Mental illnesses, such as depression and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), are a leading cause of disability worldwide. Conventional anti-depressants have a high rate of partial or no response, often fail to improve symptoms, and can cause unpleasant side effects, thus identifying a great need to expand the range of available treatments. Could psychedelics provide a solution? In the 1950s and 1960s, psychedelics were intensively studied and seen as a breakthrough in psychiatry, but their ban in 1970 under the United States’ Controlled Substances Act put a stop to most research. Over the past few decades, there has been a gradual change in perspective, owing to a lack of innovation in conventional psychiatric medications and expanding knowledge of how psychedelics work. In the last 10 years, there has been a surge of interest in psychedelics within the pharmaceutical industry, and there is growing evidence from scientific studies that psychedelics could be effective treatments for a variety of mental illnesses. Examples of psychedelic drugs that have been studied include: psilocybin, N,N -dimethyltryptamine (DMT), lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD), and 3,4-methylenedioxy​methamphetamine (MDMA). At Quotient Sciences, our scientists are experienced at handling controlled substances and actively working on drug development projects with psychedelic compounds in both the laboratory and the clinic, including psilocybin, psilocin, DMT, and analogues. In this article, we explore what psychedelics are, how they are thought to work, and what scientific research is currently being done on them. We also discuss the challenges of conducting clinical research on psychedelics and handling them in the laboratory and in the clinic, and what the future holds for this somewhat controversial research area. What are psychedelics? Psychedelics are a class of psychoactive substances that produce changes in perception, mood, and cognitive processes. They have been known to cause different types of both visual and auditory hallucinations, including seeing or hearing things that do not exist or that are distorted. Psychedelics also have a high potential for misuse as recreational drugs and are classed as controlled substances, making them illegal to possess, produce, and supply without a license in most parts of the world. How are psychedelics thought to work? There is a belief that psychedelics could help to treat depression, possibly more effectively than the current marketed treatments, because they may target different areas of the brain that current methods do not access. Currently, the most common category of anti-depressants is selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Serotonin is a neurotransmitter that is thought to help regulate your mood, and SSRIs work by increasing the amount of serotonin available to bind to serotonin receptors in the brain. SSRIs are typically taken as tablets 1–3 times a day. It can take up to 6 weeks to tell if an SSRI is working, and if it does not work, the patient must taper off the drug and try a different treatment. In contrast, it is thought that psychedelics may be able to impart neuroplasticity, which is the ability to reorganize connections in the brain’s synapses. This may provide longer-lasting effects than conventional treatments and require less frequent doses, but more research and data is needed to obtain a deeper understanding of how psychedelics work. LSD and MDMA are synthetic psychedelics, whereas psilocybin and DMT are naturally occurring psychedelics. DMT is one of the key active ingredients in the hallucinogenic drink ayahuasca. Psilocybin is the active ingredient in “magic mushrooms”, and it is a prodrug that is converted by the body to psilocin. Psilocin, DMT, and LSD have similar chemical structures to serotonin, so they are able to cross the blood-brain barrier and activate serotonin 2A receptors. This is thought to be what produces the psychedelic effects. MDMA has a different type of chemical structure, and it is thought to act by increasing the reuptake and release of serotonin, dopamine, and norepinephrine. What scientific research is currently being done on psychedelics? The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has designated psilocybin and MDMA as “breakthrough therapies”, which is a priority status given to promising drugs targeting an unmet need. This means that companies receive ongoing support from the FDA throughout the clinical trial process and priority review when data is available. There are currently hundreds of clinical trials registered on clinicaltrials.gov to test the effects of psychedelics on a variety of mental illnesses. While some pharmaceutical companies are focusing on first-generation psychedelic compounds, others are tweaking the chemical structures to see if they can improve safety and effectiveness. Some companies are even hoping to create new chemical entities (NCEs) that remove all hallucinogenic effects while retaining the features responsible for therapeutic benefits. However, it is not yet known whether this is possible, and many scientists argue that the psychedelic “trip” brings about a change in perspective that is critical for treating mental illnesses. There is also the potential to look at fundamentally different molecules that can act on the same targets as psychedelics. Recent notable breakthroughs in this field include the 2019 FDA approval of Spravato, developed by Janssen Pharmaceuticals, for treatment-resistant depression [1]. Spravato is a nasal spray with the S enantiomer of ketamine. While ketamine is not technically a psychedelic compound, this approval lent credibility to the idea of using a controlled substance to treat mental illness. In May 2021, the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies (MAPS) published results of a Phase 3 clinical trial on PTSD, where MDMA combined with psychotherapy showed sustained improvement in symptoms 2 months after treatment compared to placebo [2]. In November 2022, Compass Pathways published encouraging results from the Phase 2b clinical trial of Comp360, a patented polymorph of psilocybin, for treatment-resistant depression, which is the largest trial of psilocybin reported to date [3]. What are the challenges with conducting clinical research on psychedelics? Conducting clinical research on psychedelics presents many challenges. In clinical trials, a synthetic form of the drug is tested on healthy volunteers or patients with specific mental illnesses under strict medical conditions, and expert psychological support must be provided before, during, and after the drug is taken. It is difficult to conduct a truly double-blind trial with a psychedelic drug, as it is likely that participants will know whether they have received the active drug or a placebo. This raises the question of whether people are truly seeing therapeutic benefits, or if they just think they are because they know they received the active drug. Currently, clinical trials of psychedelics typically exclude vulnerable populations, such as people with bipolar disorder, who might be vulnerable to psychotic episodes when taking psychedelics. However, these people would be exposed to the drug when it reaches the market, so it is important to include vulnerable populations in clinical trials to assess safety. In addition, depression and anxiety can sometimes last for many months and can also recur in susceptible individuals. For this reason, long-term studies in different patient populations will ultimately be required to assess if the potential benefits in early trials can be sustained over time. Quotient Sciences has recently started performing clinical trials with psychedelic investigational medicinal products (IMPs) on healthy volunteers for customers. As a precaution, a trained psychologist is present during the clinical trial to manage any adverse events and to help the volunteer manage the experience in a calm and relaxed environment. How do you legally and safely handle psychedelics in the laboratory? There are stringent regulations in place for handling controlled substances like psychedelics, which presents many challenges for drug developers. Pharmaceutical companies need to be licensed to handle controlled substances, and strict security is required for production and storage. Safety is a critical consideration in order to protect employees and the facility from cross-contamination. While acute toxicity is typically low with psychedelics, they can exhibit observable effects at very low doses. The main risks are altered perception, poor decision-making, and subsequent accident or injury in the laboratory. Therefore, ensuring containment and minimizing exposure of staff is important. Capabilities and facilities for handling controlled substances can be prohibitively expensive for small pharmaceutical companies, so this creates opportunities for contract development and manufacturing organizations (CDMOs) that are licensed to handle controlled substances. Quotient Sciences is licensed by the UK Home Office to possess, produce, and supply Schedule 1–4 controlled substances under the Misuse of Drugs Regulations 2001. Psilocybin, DMT, LSD, and MDMA are all classed as Schedule 1 drugs, which means they have no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse. To ensure security, controlled substances are stored in a defined locked cabinet, and key access is restricted. All usage and production are recorded on controlled substance usage forms, and all activities are signed and witnessed. To ensure safety, a specific risk assessment is conducted for all laboratory activities involving psychedelics. All dispensing, packaging, and weighing of materials is done in a Class 3 isolator, and personnel must wear appropriate personal protective equipment (PPE). To avoid cross-contamination, there is a dedicated project-specific high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and rotary evaporator for each psychedelic project, and use of the house vacuum is forbidden. Additionally, the transfer of material between laboratories requires double containment in high-density polyethylene (HDPE). What does the future hold for psychedelics? Psychedelics are a rich and fertile research area. While results from scientific studies appear promising, most research is still in the early stages, and there are many challenges to overcome before medications can become widely available. Even if pharmaceutical companies can succeed in formulating psychedelics into effective drugs, commercial success will heavily depend on overcoming pre-conceived opinions of regulatory authorities, doctors, and patients on the use of recreational drugs as safe and effective medications. There is also the question of how scalable psychedelics could be to meet the high occurrence of mental illnesses. How do you make treatment convenient, controllable, accessible, and affordable? With the current generation of potential medicines necessitating close medical supervision, it would only be possible to administer psychedelics at a doctor’s office. Treatments would be time-consuming, taking patients away from work and other responsibilities. Access to treatments may also be difficult for patients living in rural locations. While the potentially long-lasting effects of psychedelics might make them more cost-effective than conventional treatments in the long term, there could be large, up-front costs, which insurance companies may be reluctant to cover. As an organization with a culture focused on science and innovation, the team at Quotient Sciences is excited to see how developments will progress in this space. References 1\. https://www.spravato.com 2\. Mitchell JM, Bogenschutz M, Lilienstein A, et al. MDMA-assisted therapy for severe PTSD: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 3 study. Nature Medicine 2021;27:1025–1033. 3\. Goodwin GM, Aaronson ST, Alvarez O, et al. Single-Dose Psilocybin for a Treatment-Resistant Episode of Major Depression. N Engl J Med 2022;387:1637–1648. Find out more about Quotient Sciences’ drug substance and clinical pharmacology services. Meet the author: Emilie Bergström Share: Latest Blogs Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Learn more Drug Substance, PR&D, Careers, Alnwick A Day in the Life of a Process Research and Development (PR&D) Chemist By: Max Critchlow Learn more Drug Substance How to Accelerate Your Molecule’s Pathway to IND and Beyond By: Eleanor Row Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/first-in-human-proof-concept
First in human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact First in Human (FIH) to Proof of Concept (POC) Accelerating molecules to POC. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology First in human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) FIH to POC. Fast. Loading... To identify molecules with the greatest chance of success, the transition of your molecule from candidate selection to POC needs to be fast and cost-effective. Accelerate to POC with Translational Pharmaceutics® Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® approach enables FIH studies by transitioning your drug molecule into clinical development through to POC quickly through the integration of: Formulation development, real-time adaptive Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing, and clinical research Multiple assessments within a single clinical protocol (e.g. single dose, multiple dose, food effect, gender effect, POC) Translational Pharmaceutics®: For FIH programs Reduces time to achieve POC milestone Minimizes costs in upfront chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) Increases precision and flexibility in your study Formulation optimization based on emerging clinical data Customizes drug product supply to the needs of your study Simplifies supply and streamlines delivery Accelerating FIH to POC: What our customers say R552 is a potent and selective RIP1 kinase inhibitor that blocks inflammatory cell death downstream of death receptors. It is being developed at Rigel Pharmaceuticals for treatment of autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. We were very delighted to have Quotient Sciences on board and they worked with us on the formulation development as well as the first-in-human study of R552. During the course of project development, we were very impressed by Quotient Sciences’ responsiveness in communication, efficiency/flexibility in project management, extensive knowledge/experience in formulation development, early-phase clinical trial conduct, and safety monitoring. Quotient Sciences is one of the best development partners that we have ever worked with and would recommend it for future collaborations without any reservation. Dr. Lucy Yan Executive Medical Director , Rigel Therapeutics Expert insight for FIH programs More Blogs Translational Pharmaceutics, First-in-Human Integrated Development Strategies - Part 1: Leveraging clinical data to accelerate from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) By: John McDermott Read More Candidate Development, First-in-Human How to streamline the development of your molecule from candidate selection to first-in-human clinical testing By: Stephen Byard Read More Formulation Development, Healthy Volunteer Trials, First-in-Human, Human ADME Balancing time, cost and development risk when choosing the appropriate dosage form for your first-in-human Phase I trials By: Dr. Peter Scholes Read More More Blogs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/regulatory-affairs
Regulatory Affairs | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Regulatory Affairs How do I ensure high-quality regulatory submissions? Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Regulatory Affairs Accelerate and streamline your global regulatory affairs. Quotient Sciences’ has an in-depth understanding of the evolving clinical trial regulatory environment in Europe and the US, ensuring the production of high-quality dossiers and a seamless submission and approval process for your Phase I trials. Highly experienced regulatory specialists and scientists Our highly experienced regulatory specialists and scientists prepare, submit, and/or manage: Clinical Trial Authorization (CTA) and Investigational New Drug (IND) applications Institutional Review Board (IRB)/Research Ethics Committee (REC) submissions Administration of Radioactive Substances Advisory Committee (ARSAC) applications for studies requiring dosing of ionizing radiation to human volunteers Strategic regulatory advice and medical writing Our regulatory services also include: Writing and reviewing chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) drug substance and drug product sections Writing and reviewing Investigator’s Brochures (IBs) Advising on quality, pre-clinical, or clinical data requirements to support Phase I clinical trials Providing strategic advice on UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA), European Medicines Agency (EMA), and US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) clinical trial regulatory processes High-quality submissions and fast approvals We have strong collaborative relationships with IRBs/RECs in the UK and US, with combined in-depth and up-to-date understanding of the clinical trial regulatory environment and requirements, which results in high-quality submissions and fast approvals. Clinical Pharmacology Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/modeling-and-simulation
Modeling & Simulation | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Modeling & Simulation How do I identify the clinical data needed for my program? Contact us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Modeling and Simulation Enhance your clinical development program with modeling and simulation (M&S). Quotient Sciences’ M&S specialists have vast experience performing physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling. They help you pinpoint the questions you need to answer and identify the data you need to collect. A collaborative approach to M&S We can provide a mechanistic understanding of the likely performance and disposition of your drug product (generic or new chemical entity [NCE]) in vivo and inform risk-based decisions on formulation and clinical design, ultimately reducing the cost of development. The valuable role of M&S in drug development programs is being acknowledged through increasing inclusion in global regulatory submissions. We work collaboratively with you and can provide long-term support to your development programs, from drug discovery to lifecycle management. Overview of our modeling and simulation team We offer services in either a standalone capacity or integrated with a clinical study conducted at Quotient Sciences that help you: Perform FIH predictions to predict fraction absorbed, maximum absorbable dose, starting dose, and potential dose range of your drug product Conduct quality-by-design (QbD) assessments to assess the impact of changes to your drug product’s particle size, shape, or dissolution rate Assess feasibility of your drug for modified-release (MR) drug product development Construct and validate both numerical and mechanistic in-vitro/in-vivo correlations (IVIVCs), which offer significant downstream benefits to your development team, including drug product specification setting, managing pre-/post-approval CMC (chemistry, manufacturing, and controls) changes, and justifying biowaivers Predict outcomes in special populations (e.g. pediatrics, renal or hepatic impairment, diverse ethnicities) and conduct virtual clinical trials, such as bioequivalence assessments Why perform modeling and simulation with us? Our M&S activities span from early clinical development through to lifecycle management and are tailored to answer your specific needs. Using our integrated Translational Pharmaceutics® approach, your first-in-human (FIH) or drug optimization program benefits from the simulation of exposure profiles, which help to select doses and define robust formulation strategies The complex interplay between the properties influencing your drug’s bioavailability can be described, understood, and applied in risk assessment and decision-making Our multidisciplinary experts use GastroPlus™ to model your drug product’s physicochemical, biopharmaceutic, and drug metabolism and pharmacokinetic (DMPK) data Our team have successfully provided GastroPlus™ consultancy services for over 5 years, partnering with virtual biotech to large pharmaceutical companies Quotient Sciences Completes Qualification of GastroPlus® PBPK Modeling Software Quotient Sciences’ Modeling and Simulation (M&S) team has recently completed qualification of GastroPlus, the software they use for physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling. This 2-year project reflects Quotient Sciences’ commitment to conducting high-quality modeling work with regard to data integrity. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/integrated-pharmacy-compounding
Integrating Pharmacy Compounding & GMP Manufacturing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrating Pharmacy Compounding & GMP Manufacturing Accelerate through first-in-human testing and seamlessly supply drug product into patient trials Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Integrated Pharmacy Compounding and GMP Manufacturing Accelerate your molecule from first in human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC). Pharmacy compounding offers a simple and streamlined pathway to start FIH clinical testing At the early development stage, leveraging pharmacy compounding, you can remove the need for extensive chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) investment or active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) consumption. Quotient Sciences provides integrated pharmacy compounding, formulation, Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing, and clinical testing solutions to help you achieve your POC milestones quickly, shortening development time while reducing costs. Dose preparations can be made in real time, which gives our clients the flexibility to make quick and informed changes to the dose or formulation based on human data in order to respond to changes in the FIH protocol design. Download Info Sheet We help you seamlessly scale up: Start your FIH trial with a fit-for-purpose pharmacy preparation We can help you develop a cost-effective dosage form for your FIH trial that provides maximum dose flexibility to achieve your Phase I objectives. Bridge formulations within the same FIH protocol Next, we'll help you evaluate formulation technologies and different dosage forms so you can select a patient-ready formulation to move forward. Supply product to start your patient trials Finally, we provide you with an immediate clinical trial material supply, ready for packaging and shipment, so you can start your Phase II proof-of-concept (POC) trials. Simple and streamlined Begin your Phase I first-in-human testing with a simple, fit-for-purpose pharmacy preparation to get in the clinic quickly. See how we can help. Have a challenging molecule? We've earned a reputation for our biopharmaceutics and formulation development expertise in supporting our customers through the development of even the most complex molecules. Leveraging our expertise and our supporting GMP manufacturing capabilities for solubility enhancement and complex oral solid dosage forms, including modified-release (MR) and immediate-release (IR) capsules and tablets, we can help achieve your goals of getting to FIH trials, then to POC. Our solubility-enhancement technologies to produce solubilized intermediates and final dosage forms include: Lipidic systems Micronization Spray drying Hot melt extrusion Benefits of using an integrated pharmacy-manufacturing approach Quickly and cost-effectively start clinical testing with a fit-for-phase pharmacy preparation Manage CMC investment in dosage form development appropriately as a molecule progresses and key elements are de-risked Select an appropriate dosage form for the FIH trial that provides maximum dose flexibility to achieve Phase I objectives Evaluate different formulation options and select a lead system to move forward Develop and bridge to a solid oral drug product for patient trials within the same program of work Seamlessly start Phase II trials on time with immediate supply of clinical trial material Minimize the number of vendors and simplify the supply chain Manage quantities of API and drug product costs Loading... Take a look at our Miami, FL compounding pharmacy Located at our clinical pharmacology facility in Miami , Florida, our 2,500 ft 2 compounding pharmacy has been built to support rapid and cost-effective dose preparations, including oral solutions, suspensions, drug or powder in capsule or bottle, and sterile preparations for parenteral delivery for both API and GMP intermediates. Built with the necessary International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 5 and 7 standards in place, our pharmacy meets United States Pharmacopeia (USP) 795, 797, and 800 compounding requirements to ensure both operator and patient safety for high-potency and high-risk molecules up to Performance-Based Level of Exposure Classification (PBLEC) 5. Rapidly go from FIH to POC trials Leverage our integrated services to simplify your outsourcing and advance a patient-friendly GMP drug product into POC trials as efficiently as possible. Our compounding pharmacy is fully integrated with our pharmaceutical development and GMP manufacturing facilities located in the US and UK. Contact Us Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/smarter-strategy-optimizing-oncology-drug-products
A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products Oncology , Translational Pharmaceutics , John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott John McDermott, VP of Scientific Consulting, shares his insights on the benefits of evaluating targeted oncology molecules in healthy volunteers and applying our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to accelerate drug product optimization. To ensure downstream clinical success in patients, drug product optimization is often required, whether to increase oral bioavailability and solubility, reduce pharmacokinetic (PK) variability, overcome food effects, avoid adverse events, or reduce dosing frequency by switching administration routes or to a modified-release form. The majority of new chemical entities (NCEs) in today’s drug development pipelines present formulation challenges that are independent of therapeutic area. Writes John McDermott, VP of Scientific Consulting For oncology drug development programs these challenges can be magnified, as dosing is typically performed directly in patients in Phase I, rather than conducting healthy volunteer studies to establish safety and PK data. The approach of going directly into patients is known to be inherently problematic when it comes to the speed and effectiveness of identifying improved formulations to deliver improved PK profiles. Over the past 8+ years, Quotient Sciences has delivered over 400 projects with oncology drugs, including 80 clinical programs in healthy volunteers. These clinical programs have included first-in-human single-ascending-dose/multiple-ascending-dose, relative bioavailability, and 14C human absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion (ADME) programs. Using our flagship platform, Translational Pharmaceutics® , which integrates formulation development , Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing, and clinical testing, we reduce development timelines by more than 12 months while delivering significant cost savings and minimizing program risks. Our Translational Pharmaceutics platform removes the white space in development by enabling real-time drug product manufacturing to be integrated with clinical assessments, reducing stability data requirements and batch sizes, and accelerating program delivery. Using Translational Pharmaceutics, drug products can be manufactured, released, and dosed in days rather than weeks or months. Rapid access to real-time human clinical data from one study period determines the formulation composition that is then made and dosed in the next. The economies can be even more significant as multiple formulations can be evaluated with lean chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) data package, and if appropriate, formulation design spaces can be applied to provide a flexible range of drug product compositions to make and dose in the clinical study. Finally, studying oncology molecules in healthy volunteer studies, where safe to do so, can also mean: Study recruitment is not as complex and achieved faster Cohorts of subjects can be dosed together to improve formulation decisions There is less risk from co-medications and co-morbidities Variability in clinical data due to disease state is removed Study timelines are reduced, and studies are more cost-effective to conduct following rapid identification of an optimized drug product quotient sciences is also able to scale up and supply the formulation into your next-stage global patient studies provide seamless program continuity. For further information on our expertise and capabilities for oncology drug development programs, visit: Oncology Drug Development Meet the author: John McDermott Share: More from our experts More Blogs Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Vanessa Zann Scientific Poster Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More More Blogs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/bioanalysis
Bioanalysis | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Bioanalysis Over 40 years of experience delivering rapid bioanalytical data in discovery, preclinical and clinical development stages. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Bioanalysis Rapid bioanalytical data to meet your program's milestones Delivering rapid bioanalytical data is critical to meeting milestones faster in drug development. At Quotient Sciences, we are experts in the development, validation, and application of bioanalytical assays. Highly sensitive bioanalytical techniques enable the identification and quantification of analytes, such as small molecules, peptides, proteins, nucleic acids, and metabolites, all from very small volumes of biological samples. From drug discovery to preclinical and clinical studies, understanding drug exposure, safety, and metabolism are essential in accelerating drugs to clinic and commercialization. Download Info Sheet At a Glance GLP and GCP accredited laboratories Our GLP- and GCP-accredited facilities provide comprehensive bioanalytical support to studies through preclinical, through to Phase I, and onwards to Phase II and III. Short lead times and rapid turnaround We deliver rapid bioanalytical data in the discovery, preclinical, and clinical stages. Our state-of-the-art equipment includes: LC-MS/MS, LC-HR-MS, ICP-MS, ICP-MS/MS, GC-MS, and GC-MS/MS. Over 40 years of scientific expertise in bioanalytical assays We are experts in the development, validation, and application of bioanalytical assays with over 40 years of scientific expertise. Over 400 bioanalytical assays developed, validated, and applied For our customers, we have developed over 400 methods (LC-MS, GC-MS, ICP-MS). We have expertise in specialist areas including; Insulin analogues & polypeptide drugs, elemental analysis, volatile drugs, and biomarkers. Integrated toxicokinetics and pharmacokinetics analysis and reporting We offer expert TK and PK data analysis and reporting, supporting pre-clinical and clinical studies. Working together with our expert PK team, we can reduce the risk of downstream delays in later phases of your drug development. Combining our development and validation experience of over 400 bioanalytical assays, along with our integrated service lines, we can ensure that critical decision-making data are rapidly processed, robust, and reliable. Our dedicated bioanalytical chemists are globally recognized and have decades of experience in supporting all stages of drug development. At every stage, we can help you gain a better understanding of the fate of your drug in the human body. With our cutting-edge mass spectrometry equipment, we can identify and quantify analytes to determine if, and how, a drug is metabolized in the body. When used in conjunction with the range of extraction technologies available, we can support you in the development of highly selective and sensitive assays. Our experts can quickly develop, validate, and implement bioanalytical LC-MS, GC-MS, and ICP-MS assays for small- and large-molecule drugs, biomarkers, and elements in compliance with regulatory standards. Broad range of platforms Liquid chromatography with mass spectrometry (LC-MS) Inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) Gas chromatography with mass spectrometry (GC-MS) High-resolution mass spectrometry Liquid chromatography with ion-trap mass spectrometry (LC-TRAP-MS) Liquid chromatography with time-of-flight mass spectrometry (LC-TOF-MS) Global compliance and regulatory Good Laboratory Practice (GLP)- and Good Clinical Practice (GCP)-accredited laboratories US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) European Medicines Agency (EMA) UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) Specialist areas of expertise Insulin analogues and polypeptide drugs Elemental analysis Volatile drugs and biomarkers Comprehensive bioanalytical support at every stage Preclinical Drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics (DMPK) Pre-clinical pharmacology TK, including GLP toxicology studies Dose escalation and selection Phase I FIH – single ascending dose (SAD) and multiple ascending dose (MAD) Relative bioavailability and PK Clinical pharmacology Drug-drug interaction (DDI) Bioequivalence 14 C absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion (ADME) and mass balance Pharmacodynamic (PD), metabolite, and biomarker analysis Phase II and III Global, multi-center trials Relative bioavailability and PK PD, metabolite, and biomarker analysis A closer look at our equipment and applications Instrumentation Applications Inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) Inductively coupled plasma tandem mass spectrometry (ICP-MS/MS) Elemental analysis Xevo ultra-performance liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS/MS) Analysis of small-molecule new chemical entities (NCEs) Analysis of peptides, small proteins, and new biological entities (NBEs) Highly sensitive, with a lower limit of quantification (LLOQ) <1 ng/mL High throughput Quantum and Vantage UPLC-MS/MS Analysis of small-molecule NCEs Sensitive, with a LLOQ ~1 ng/mL High throughput Gas chromatography with mass spectrometry (GC-MS) Gas chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (GC-MS/MS) Detection and analysis of volatile analytes for NCEs and biomarkers Liquid chromatography with quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (LC-QTOF-MS) High-resolution structural identification for NCEs Peptide and protein identification NBE analysis Liquid chromatography with inductively coupled plasma tandem mass spectrometry (LC-ICP-MS/MS) Elemental speciation Liquid chromatography with ion-trap mass spectrometry (LC-TRAP-MS) High-resolution structural identification for NCEs Expert insight in bioanalysis: More Blogs Paige Bellis, Bioanalysis, Bioanalytical Method Development, Alnwick, Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Learn More Bioanalysis Bioanalytical Strategies that Accelerate the Development of Assays for Insulin Analogues and Other Large Peptides By: Michael Blackburn Learn More Bioanalysis Scientific Poster Spotlight: Novel Copper Protein Speciation Method for Calculating Serum Non-Ceruloplasmin Copper: A Comparative Analysis Learn More More Blogs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/data-sciences
Data Sciences | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Data Sciences Rapid access to clinical data and results to accelerate drug development. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Data Sciences Quality clinical study data. Fast. Quotient Sciences understands that our customers need quality data rapidly to make crucial decisions during a study. Faster data means we can provide our customers with earlier interim data and interim PK reports for on-study dosing and formulation decisions. We understand that on-study changes to early phase study designs and dosing are frequent. Our strategy for study database design and reporting is built around flexibility and rapid implementation. We use eSource data collection procedures in our clinical units and a joint eSource/eCRF database. Data is available in the study database within hours of collection, ready for remote sponsor access. We support studies conducted at our Miami (US) and Nottingham (UK) clinics. With global SOPs, templates, and standards, we also adapt them for use with sponsor templates/standards. Our services are fully integrated, and we assign a single Project Manager for all drug product, clinical and data sciences activities. At a Glance CDISC Gold Member, CDISC Standards We are a CDISC Gold Member and CDISC standards are built into all our data on over 400 early-phase studies. Fully integrated services; drug product, clinical and data sciences A single Project Manager is assigned to each integrated study for all drug product, clinical, and data sciences. Six specialist departments and over 100 data scientists We have over 100 data scientists working within six specialist departments as described below. Each department will be optimized around your study objectives, and help maximize your use of study data. We help you make crucial decisions during a study, earlier Interim access to study data with our integrated approach means we can provide our customers with earlier data to make dosing and formulation decisions, faster. Get rapid access to clinical data and analysis Our study strategy for our customers is built around quality, flexibility, and rapid implementation. We recognize that you need rapid access to clinical data to make crucial decisions. Our Data Science team comprises six specialist departments, and over 100 colleagues 1\. Data Management and Database Programming Study eSource/eCRF database set-up and maintenance Study database build using Anju’s TrialOne system, a single system for both eSource collection in clinic and as an eCRF for data management. As a result, TrialOne use and Quotient Sciences processes reduce data query rates, data transcription and timelines Data Management Plan, data cleaning, coding, query issue and database lock 2\. Statistics and Statistical Programming Protocol input, sample size calculation and randomization Statistical Analysis Plan and formal statistical analysis/interpretation Program study listings, tables and figures and CDISC datasets (SDTM and ADaM) Define.xml package including Reviewers Guide and all related documentation 3\. Pharmacokinetics (PK) Rapid interim PK turnaround times for formulation decisions or SAD/MAD safety evaluation PK parameter estimation using Phoenix WinNonlin and interpretation Modeling and simulation using GastroPlus, including development of IVIVCs 4\. Medical Writing Protocol writing Clinical study report according to FDA guidance for industry and related submissions using eCTD specification 5\. Standardizing Study Data with CDISC When you need compliant datasets, enlist experts that understand CDISC’s impact on early phase studies and its importance to your future regulatory submission. As a CDISC Gold Member, we have built CDISC standards into all our data management and statistical procedures for over 400 early phase studies. We also use the same software as FDA for dataset validation (Pinnacle21 Enterprise edition) and to aid define-xml package generation. Our experts: Develop dataset specifications and an aCRF with reference to SDTM and ADaM implementation guides Program SDTM and ADaM datasets according to specifications, including verification, quality control and validation Provide metadata files and blankcrf.pdf Include all clinical, pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic and scintigraphic data We also offer full define.xml package including define.pdf, trial design datasets, subject-level datasets, traceability documentation and data reviewer’s guides 6\. Statistics, Pharmacokinetics and Scintigraphy Our statistical, pharmacokinetic and scintigraphic experts understand clinical pharmacology studies and their specialized challenges. Optimize your study objectives, design and subject numbers, and maximize your use of study data: Access input into clinical protocols and designs and ensure all output complies with the ICH, CHMP and FDA Provide data analysis and interpretation, such as interim assessments to assist you with real-time decision making Leverage expert review and interpretation of scintigraphic data, including qualitative and quantitative analysis of drug product performance and pharmacodynamic effects during your study What's new in Data Sciences? Data Sciences, Careers, Dennis Henderson Spotlight on Data Sciences at Quotient Sciences By: Dennis Henderson Learn More Data Sciences, Ian Nisbet What Role Do Data Sciences Play in Drug Development? By: Ian Nisbet Learn More Data Sciences The importance of data integrity in the drug development process By: Erika Reategui Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/drug-development-consulting
Drug Development Consulting | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Development Consulting Trusted scientific advice at each stage of your drug development program. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Drug Development Consulting Expertise to help your program reach its next milestone Our holistic approach Our Drug Development Consultants work with you to design and implement successful drug development programs. With industry leading scientific expertise across a range of technical disciplines, we help customers across all stages of development, from candidate selection to commercial launch. A proven track record Our consultants have a proven track-record of cutting across industry silos to reduce the time and cost of development. With hands-on development experience across hundreds of drug molecules and product types, we’ll help you avoid critical pitfalls, manage risks and maximize the potential for success. Ask the experts Consult our scientific panel Meet Our Team Decades of drug development experience brought to your program What our consultants do benefits our customers end-to-end minimizing risk, delivering efficiency and streamlining your outsourcing. We assess, holistically We always assess each molecule holistically to understand the complex interplay between drug substance, drug product, and clinical performance. We listen, and interpret We listen to customers, understand goals, interpret data & guide your drug development program using our decade of experience to maximize efficiency. We integrate, globally Our benefit to customers is that we integrate multiple development services and build robust development plans throughout our global teams. We mitigate risk Our drug development consultants pre-emptively identify scientific challenges and mitigate development risks. We design drug development strategies that are right the first time and eliminate delays. We streamline outsourcing Our drug development consultants streamline outsourcing, eliminate costly and time-consuming tech transfers, and provide consistent scientific direction. Our expertise across all stages of development From solubility enhancement to complex oral solid dose, from pediatric dosage forms to and injectables, let our experts help you move from discovery into development, from first-in-human to proof-of-concept, and through to late phase and commercial manufacturing. Contact Us Consultancy by stage of development Turnkey solutions for shortening drug development timelines. Candidate Development Quickly identify the best drug candidates with our help. Learn More Early Development Simplify early development and accelerate to proof-of-concept with our help. Learn More Late Development Speed up the journey from proof-of-concept to commercial manufacture and launch with our help. Learn More Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/drug-development
Drug Development: Accelerate Your Program | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact What are your drug development goals? We are focused on meeting your goals. Contact Us Home Solutions What are your goals? Lets understand your challenges and goals, and accelerate your program. From drug candidate selection, early development through late development and commercial supply, there are many stages and challenges to overcome to meet your programs goals. Quotient Sciences is uniquely positioned at any stage to partner with you. Why are you uniquely positioned to help my drug program move forwards, toward my goals? We are a renowned global drug development accelerator. Our unique and innovative approach to development extends beyond traditional CRO & CDMO outsourcing paradigms by providing an integrated platform that combines drug substance, formulation development, real-time adaptive manufacturing and clinical testing under one organization and a single program manager. We have over 30 years of experience in small molecule drug substance synthesis and manufacturing, drug product formulation development, clinical trial manufacturing, commercial launch and supply as well as our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® drug accelerator platform. An end-to-end drug development partner you can trust. We partner with emerging biotechnology and large pharmaceutical companies to develop the next generations of therapies that make a difference for those that need them the most. Customer Testimonials Leverage our integrated programs to bridge molecule discovery into clinical development Bringing together over a century of industry experience to your program, Quotient Sciences recently introduced a collaboration with Charles River who have deep expertise in medicinal chemistry, biology, DMPK, early pharmaceutics, and non-clinical safety. This, coupled with Quotient Sciences' expertise in drug substance synthesis, drug product development, manufacturing, and clinical testing creates a solution with a full set of deliverables to help get your molecule 'clinic ready', and improve your chances of clinical success. Charles River Collaboration Read Blog What our customers say "Quotient Sciences has worked with us on several pediatric projects and has been very effective in translating our product concepts into successful prototype formulations. We really appreciate the way they tune in to the broader, long-term objectives of our projects and are agile in delivering specific work packages that will contribute to the overall project’s success. They are skilled in applying their extensive technical expertise and understanding of the full pediatric pharma development process. Importantly, they are great at adapting to change and tenacious when it comes to problem-solving. They have proved to be an essential resource in developing our pediatric portfolio." Clare Geesen Operations Manager , Proveca "Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials... Everything ran very smoothly. We had a very good project manager who was on top of things all the time, and there were no hitches... I would say that Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials." Dr. Andreas Konar Senior Vice President , Xspray Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology "We were impressed by how efficient the Quotient Sciences team was in helping us progress one of our key projects to a successful first in human study." Benoit Bestgen Associate Director , MMV Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences R552 is a potent and selective RIP1 kinase inhibitor that blocks inflammatory cell death downstream of death receptors. It is being developed at Rigel Pharmaceuticals for treatment of autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. We were very delighted to have Quotient Sciences on board and they worked with us on the formulation development as well as the first-in-human study of R552. During the course of project development, we were very impressed by Quotient Sciences’ responsiveness in communication, efficiency/flexibility in project management, extensive knowledge/experience in formulation development, early-phase clinical trial conduct, and safety monitoring. Quotient Sciences is one of the best development partners that we have ever worked with and would recommend it for future collaborations without any reservation. Dr. Lucy Yan Executive Medical Director , Rigel Therapeutics There is an art to the development of taste-masked oral products for pediatric indications. Quotient Sciences’ expertise in improving the taste, smell, and texture of oral formulations makes them the ideal partner for Crinetics’ pediatric clinical programs R. Scott Struthers PhD Founder & CEO , Crinetics We conducted a 14C human ADME study with Quotient Sciences… We were extremely satisfied with all aspects of the study, including project management, formulation development, manufacture, clinical conduct, and reporting. We would use Quotient Sciences again for this type of study. Oliver Schueller Senior Vice President , Kadmon, a Sanofi Company Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics "The Phase I study of CORT125134 was contracted out to Quotient Sciences, largely due to Quotient Sciences’ ability to integrate manufacturing and dosing on the same site. Dosing decisions could be made very rapidly as soon as data from the previous cohort was available - there was no need to define and manufacture all the doses up front - minimizing delay." Hazel Hunt Chief Scientific Officer , Corcept Therapeutics "Quotient Sciences’ real-time manufacturing capabilities were a key factor in determining the speed at which this study could be concluded, offering the rare combination or GMP manufacturing and clinical administration on the same site, even for complex formulations and dosage forms. This allowed us to progress much faster." Dr. Phil Collis Vice President , BioCryst Pharmaceuticals "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "Quotient Sciences' has been a great partner to work with. Their project management was top-notch and costs remained within budget throughout our collaboration. Their scheduling and execution have been impeccable; the program has run like clockwork. As a client, you can’t really ask for more!" Dr. Ofir Moreno Vice President , MEI Pharma "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "Quotient Sciences has worked with us on several pediatric projects and has been very effective in translating our product concepts into successful prototype formulations. We really appreciate the way they tune in to the broader, long-term objectives of our projects and are agile in delivering specific work packages that will contribute to the overall project’s success. They are skilled in applying their extensive technical expertise and understanding of the full pediatric pharma development process. Importantly, they are great at adapting to change and tenacious when it comes to problem-solving. They have proved to be an essential resource in developing our pediatric portfolio." Clare Geesen Operations Manager , Proveca "Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials... Everything ran very smoothly. We had a very good project manager who was on top of things all the time, and there were no hitches... I would say that Quotient Sciences offers the best balance of quality and timing versus cost of trials." Dr. Andreas Konar Senior Vice President , Xspray Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology "We were impressed by how efficient the Quotient Sciences team was in helping us progress one of our key projects to a successful first in human study." Benoit Bestgen Associate Director , MMV Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences What are your goals? Reach IND Faster How can our drug development program reach the stage of Investigational New Drug Application (IND) faster? Learn More Reach POC/NDA Faster How can our drug development program reach POC / NDA faster? Learn More Reach Commercialization Faster How can you help our drug product launch to market and provide commercial supply? Learn More Save Time & Money How can you save time and reduce our drug development and manufacturing costs? Learn More Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Therapy Areas Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/therapeutic-areas
Therapeutic Areas of Expertise | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Therapeutic Areas You set out to help patients in need. We help you get life-changing treatments to market, fast. Contact Us Home Solutions By therapeutic areas Accelerating what science can do to improve lives. Across the past three decades and all the therapeutic areas that we have supported, we've had an eye for enabling the speed of science, so new treatments can make an impact, fast. Our global reach and unique ability to integrate services — within and across drug substance , drug product , and clinical testing service areas — enables us to do what we do to support small molecule and peptide drug programs. Ready to discuss your next program? Contact Us By therapeutic area Oncology If you are looking to accelerate the development of your oncology drug candidate, we are your ideal partner. Learn More Orphan / Rare Diseases Over 300 million people worldwide live with identified rare diseases. We're ready to help accelerate your program so you can help those in need. Learn More CNS / Neurology Minimize CNS development risk and maximize the probability of success with our expertise. Learn More GI / Gastroenterology We offer extensive preclinical and clinical expertise in the gastrointestinal therapeutic area. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us What are your goals? Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/specialized-manufacturing
Specialized Drug Product Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Specialized Drug Manufacturing How do we maximize the potential of our product and mitigate manufacturing risks? Contact Us Home Solutions By specialized manufacturing need Meeting the challenges of specialized drug manufacturing. Now, more than ever, you need to control costs and maximize the potential of your product, without compromising quality. This is especially true for specialized drug manufacturing. Quotient Sciences understand, we are uniquely positioned to help you. We are fully equipped to take new drug products to market, offering a range of specialized manufacturing services Once your new product reaches late development and the commercial stages, reducing risk and maximizing it's market opportunity traditionally requires partnering with a another manufacturer. As a unique, integrated service provider, we are the one and only partner you will need thanks to our specialized drug manufacturing capabilities that are in-house across our global network of state-of-the-art facilities. By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics We provide customized solutions to meet your unique pediatric program needs. Learn More Solubility Enhancement Overcome solubility challenges with your molecule. Learn More Modified Release Overcome solubility challenges with your molecule. Learn More Peptides We can overcome the challenges posed by peptides and accelerate peptide-based therapeutic programs. Learn More Aseptic Manufacturing Our innovative approach enables rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration. Learn More Inhaled Dosage Forms Our innovative approach enables rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration. Learn More High Potency Commercial Manufacturing Leverage our expertise to overcome challenges in HPAPIs manufacturing Our Capabilities Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/development-stage
Solutions For Drug Development Stages | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Stages of Drug Development How can you help our drug candidate reach its potential faster? Contact Us Home Solutions By development stage Translating your ideas into solutions. Fast. We have the expertise to accelerate your studies with uncompromising quality, at any stage of development. At all stages of development, we are focused on your program. From selecting the right candidates, to navigating and simplifying early phase development, and ramping up for commercial manufacturing, we'll help you achieve your goals. Innovations in medicine can't wait. We understand the increasing time and cost pressures that you face, and are an experienced partner to help you navigate through them. Preclinical .How can you help select the best drug candidates to develop? Learn More Early: Phase I / IIa How can you help our program complete a Phase I/II early clinical study? Learn More Late: Phase IIb / III How can you accelerate our program through late development? Learn More Commercial How can you accelerate our program through to commercial launch? Learn More Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Therapy Areas Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/integrated-programs/early-development
Early Phase Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrated Early Development Programs Accelerating molecules through to proof-of-concept (POC). Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Integrated Programs Early Development Simplify your early drug development journey with Quotient Sciences. Loading... Proof-of-concept (POC) is a key milestone in the development of a new drug candidate. We understand the importance of the POC milestone for your drug. At Quotient Sciences we offer integrated early development services to support the end-to-end execution of first-in-human programs. This includes drug product manufacturing and we will continue to support your program through to drug product supply for the POC study. What is the early drug development phase and common challanges faced? The early phase of drug development encompasses the first-in-human (FIH) clinical trial to the proof-of-concept study. Incorporating a range of clinical studies in healthy volunteers and patient groups can be complex as the type of drug product(s) employed in your early development program will often need to change to meet differing requirements. Find out how Quotient Sciences and our integrated capabilities can help on your journey to reach your FIH trial. Why partner with Quotient Sciences on your early drug development phase program? With integrated capabilities that range from first-in-human testing to seamless drug product supply for patient trials, we simplify your early development processes. Over 30 years of experience in drug development, clinical testing, and drug manufacturing A multidisciplinary scientific team assigned to your project Integrated capabilities that offer a faster, more cost-effective route to POC, for shortened timelines by up to 18 months Clinical data that guides dosage form design Streamlined outsourcing and seamless drug product supply Rapid drug product optimization, customized for your molecule Achieving proof-of-concept (POC) needs to be fast and cost-effective. However, it's common for most new drugs to require some sort of reformulation or optimization during their development, whether to respond to suboptimal exposure profiles, to transition from an early development formulation to one suitable for chronic administration in patients, or as part of a life-cycle management strategy. At Quotient Sciences, we can help you streamline the drug product optimization process in a number of ways. Leveraging our Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform, we can manufacture and obtain clinical data on new formulations in an accelerated timeframe. Integrated services and capabilities across our facilities in the U.S. and U.K. allow us to keep this work under a single organization and a single clinical protocol, so you don't have the burden of managing multiple vendors. Using this approach, we've optimized drug product for customer programs to: improve formulation decision-making cut development timelines by half or more conserve API Drug Product Optimization Translational Pharmaceutics® Your partner to bring new treatments to market. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we have worked with countless companies across the pharmaceutical industry over the last 30 years. Speak with one of our experts to learn more about our capabilities and how we can help you reach your program's milestones. Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/integrated-programs/late-development
Late Phase Drug Product Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Late Phase Drug Product Development Accelerate from proof-of-concept (POC) to commercial manufacturing & supply. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Integrated Programs Late Development Accelerate your product's path to the market. Loading... The journey from proof-of-concept to commercial launch can be complex. Speed to market is critical but cannot come at the expense of drug product quality. Accelerate the journey from proof-of-concept to commercial launch with the help of Quotient Sciences. What is the late drug development phase and how can you help accelerate through it? Late phase clinical development includes Phase 2b and Phase 3 trials to establish the effectiveness, safety, and cost-effectiveness of a product on a larger scale in order to provide sufficient evidence for the drug's market approval submission. Commercial manufacture at scale of the product. At Quotient Sciences, we support clinical trial materials manufacturing, registration and validation batches, and commercial scale to help your treatment reach the market. Why partner with Quotient Sciences in your late drug development phase? We provide the necessary expertise to turn promising molecules into successful, commercial drug products. Multidisciplinary scientific team with 30 years of experience Faster, more cost-effective route to market Shortens timelines by over 12 months Clinical data drives drug product optimization Streamlined outsourcing Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® Leveraging the Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform lets you reach late-phase trials, faster. Translational Pharmaceutics® enables us to develop late-phase products more efficiently. This means faster regulatory submissions, approvals, and market access for your new therapy. Learn More Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/careers
Careers | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Careers at Quotient Sciences Be part of our mission to bring molecules to cures Browse Jobs Why choose a career with Quotient Sciences? Quotient Sciences is a growing business, where we encourage innovation and continuous improvement. Every person counts and teamwork is key to our success. Learn more about why you should choose a career with us. Learn More Browse Jobs Meet our team Insight into what it’s like to be a Data Scientist at Quotient Sciences Read More Life at Quotient Sciences We want our people to make their mark, challenge themselves, and achieve more than they ever thought possible. Learn what it's like to work at Quotient Sciences, right from the people that know us best. Read Colleague Stories Browse Jobs Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Diversity, equity and inclusion are cornerstone values and guiding principles on which we aim to build our teams, cultivate our leaders, and foster a collaborative environment. Learn More Join our team Browse open job opportunities at our global locations Apply today Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com?page=0
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com?page=1
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com?page=2
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com?page=3
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com?page=4
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com?page=21
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events
Events | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Events Schedule a meeting with our scientific experts at an upcoming industry or Quotient Sciences event. Home Events Tradeshow & Conference CPHI North America Philadelphia | 7 May 2024 - 9 May 2024 Register Now 1 - 10 of 14 results Tradeshow & Conference CPHI North America Philadelphia | 7 May 2024 - 9 May 2024 Learn More Tradeshow & Conference Bio Integrates 2024 Cambridge, UK | 15 May 2024 Learn more Tradeshow & Conference DDF Europe 2024 Berlin, Germany | 21 May 2024 - 23 May 2024 Learn more Tradeshow & Conference Psychedelic Therapeutics & Drug Development Conference Boston, MA, United States | 23 May 2024 - 24 May 2024 Learn more Live Seminar Basel Seminar Basel, Switzerland | 28 May 2024 Learn more Live Webinar CMC Strategies to Manage the Risks Associated with Accelerated Submission Pathways 30 May 2024 Learn more Tradeshow & Conference BIO International 2024 San Diego, CA, USA | 3 June 2024 - 6 June 2024 Learn more Live Webinar Psychedelics Drug Development: Navigating the Science, Regulatory & Outsourcing Landscape 4 June 2024 Learn more Live Seminar Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics Gaithersburg, MD, United States | 12 June 2024 Learn more Live Seminar Oxford Drug Development Workshop Oxfordshire | 13 June 2024 Learn more Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Next page Next › Last page Last » Learn more about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Contact us to schedule a meeting at an upcoming event. Contact Us Latest News Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/vanessa-zann
Dr. Vanessa Zann - Senior Drug Development Consultant | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Vanessa Zann Senior Drug Development Consultant Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Vanessa Zann - Senior Drug Development Consultant About Dr. Vanessa Zann is a Senior Drug Development Consultant at Quotient Sciences. Vanessa has over two decades of industry experience providing biopharmaceutics support to discovery, development, and clinical programs. Since joining Quotient Sciences in 2012, she has led the implementation of modelling and simulation and has been heavily involved in pharmaceutical sciences' in-vitro characterization strategy, as well as designing clinical studies and providing scientific support through clinical study delivery. Prior to joining Quotient Sciences, Vanessa worked at AstraZeneca as a permeability expert in the Pharmaceutical Development department. Here, she led the global Caco-2 facility for the development and was responsible for liaising with discovery scientists to ensure the selection of new chemical entities (NCEs) with appropriate biopharmaceutical properties. She introduced the intravenous (IV) microtracer technique and provided biopharmaceutical support to both discovery and development programs. Vanessa completed postdoctoral research in buccal transport mechanisms at Cardiff University. She holds a PhD in Pharmaceutical Sciences and a Bachelor of Science in Applied and Human Biology, both from Aston University. Topics of interest Biopharmaceutics Translational Pharmaceutics Ask a question Articles & Publications, Dr. Vanessa Zann Dr. Vanessa Zann discusses biopharmaceutics with Pharmaceutical Technology By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/ensysce-biosciences
Case Study: Ensysce Biosciences | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Translational Pharmaceutics Case Study: Ensysce Biosciences Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: Ensysce Biosciences Overview A case study on how Quotient Sciences' integrated Translational Pharmaceutics platform helped Ensysce Biosciences achieve a successful modified release formulation in an accelerated time frame. Ensysce Biosciences is a clinical-stage biotech company based in San Diego, CA that has a mission to revolutionize the safety and oral delivery of medicines for areas of high unmet need in pain management. Ensysce Biosciences has developed two proprietary anti-abuse and anti-overdose technology platforms, Trypsin-Activated Abuse Protection (TAAP™) tamper-proof technology and Multi-Pill Abuse Resistance (MPAR™) technology, to effectively control the way a drug is turned on or turned off when consumed. Quotient Sciences was approached by Dr. Lynn Kirkpatrick, CEO of Ensysce Biosciences, to help overcome formulation challenges with the development of a modified release product for PF614-MPAR, the company's leading product intended for the treatment of severe pain. After speaking with a non-integrated, traditional contract drug development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) and enquiring about the timelines for clinical trial manufacturing (CTM) of a single prototype, Dr. Kirkpatrick quickly realized that it would take years to arrive at a successful MR formulation. Dr. Kirkpatrick recognized that Quotient Sciences' Translational Pharmaceutics platform, with its ability to integrate formulation development, real-time clinical manufacturing, and clinical dosing under a single organization, would provide her with the flexibility to test multiple prototypes under a single clinical protocol and arrive at successful formulation in just twelve months. I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation. Dr. Lynn Kirkpatrick, CEO of Ensysce Biosciences Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: Ensysce Biosciences Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/drug-development/accelerate-your-molecules-pathway-ind-beyond
Accelerating Drug Product Pathways to IND | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact How can our drug development program reach IND faster? Accelerate your program to Investigational New Drug Application (IND). Contact Us Home Solutions What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach IND. Fast. The road to an investigational new drug (IND) application can be long, complex and costly. At Quotient Sciences we have proven that we know what it takes to develop a successful drug candidate — through early development and beyond. Our experienced team, global resources, and scientific capabilities enable us to provide a complete assessment of molecule's developability. We work with you to identify the best drug candidates and mitigate risks for you. Support to help you navigate from discovery to IND Once you get to the IND stage, one of the main challenges is the requirement for extensive documentation. The FDA requires a range of documentation such as: Chemistry, manufacturing and control (CMC) data Pharmacology data Toxicology data As an integrated provider with more than 30 years of experience working on small molecule and peptide drug development programs, we can help your path forward. Introducing the Charles River and Quotient Sciences Collaboration We recently partnered with Charles River, a trusted global provider with a breadth of experience and services that complement our own. By integrating services from both companies, we can offer you a comprehensive solution to help prepare your molecule for clinical trials and increase the likelihood of success beyond IND. Charles River Collaboration Read Blog Drug Substance How to Accelerate Your Molecule’s Pathway to IND and Beyond By: Eleanor Row Read Blog Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/drug-development/accelerate-your-drug-program-commercial-product-supply
Accelerating Drug Product to Commercial Launch & Supply | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact How can you help our drug product launch to market? Accelerate to commercialization and global supply. Contact Us Home Solutions What are your goals? Reach Commercialization Faster Reach Commercialization. Fast. Loading... Speed-to-market is crucial, but it should never come at the expense of drug product quality. Quotient Sciences are committed to accelerating your drug through its development stages with you — getting you from proof-of-concept (POC) to commercial launch and supply, fast. We have the knowledge, flexibility, and resources to meet your commercial supply needs. We have track record of working with higher-value products that may require lower commercial batch sizes in the market, such as to treat rare diseases and pediatric populations. Our integrated capabilities and expertise make us a unique partner that can accelerate your program We believe in being your flexible partner of choice in developing your molecule. We offer both integrated Translational Pharmaceutics® programs that can accelerate your program from start to finish, as well as individually tailored services for drug product or drug substance development and manufacturing to meet your unique outsourcing requirements. Translational Pharmaceutics Does partnering with a fully integrated services provider really improve your molecule’s chances of clinical and commercial success? By: Dr. Peter Scholes Read Blog Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/drug-development/save-time-reduce-costs
Accelerated Programs Saving Time & Money | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact How can you save time and reduce our drug development and manufacturing costs? Accelerate your program, reduce risk and save costs. Contact Us Home Solutions What are your goals? Time & Cost Savings Save time. Reduce costs. Maintain quality. The drug development process can be expensive, time-consuming, and risky. Efforts to improve efficiency in traditional programs have become more costly. As an integrated provider Quotient Sciences' are uniquely placed to help save time and, reduce costs. Independent Tufts CSDD Study To address the increasing challenge and provide drug developers with valuable insights into alternative approaches, Tufts CSDD conducted a study comparing traditional drug development programs to Quotient Sciences' innovative Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. Our unique platform seamlessly integrates formulation development, manufacturing, and clinical testing. It has been widely adopted by pharmaceutical and biotech companies to expedite drug development throughout the entire development cycle. Leverage the power of Translational Pharmaceutics® Integrated benefits and capabilities that save time and costs Translational Pharmaceutics® offers numerous benefits. These include facilitating the transition of molecules from the First-in-Human (FIH) stage to Proof-of-Concept (POC). It also plays a crucial role in the development and optimization of clinical formulations, including modified release drug products and solubility enhanced dosage forms. By leveraging the power of Translational Pharmaceutics, you can significantly reduce costs, shorten timelines, and mitigate risks associated with traditional drug development programs. Unlock the financial benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics®, demonstrated in the Tufts CSDD study It is a game-changing solution that has the potential to revolutionize the industry and drive unprecedented success. Don't miss out on the opportunity to explore the financial impacts and advantages of adopting Translational Pharmaceutics®. Embrace innovation and take your drug development process to a new level with Quotient Sciences' cutting-edge platform. Download Study What our customers say "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio Translational Pharmaceutics How an integrated approach can accelerate the development of complex drug programs By: Dr. Aruna Railkar Read Blog Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Therapy Areas Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics
Translational Pharmaceutics®: Integrated Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Translational Pharmaceutics® Proven to accelerate drug development for over 15 years. Download Whitepaper Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics A different approach to drug development. We brought meaningful innovation to the pharmaceutical industry in 2008 with Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® – a unique drug delivery platform proven to shorten development times by more than 12 months. Proven to reduce time, cost and complexity for over 15 years. Over 15 years and more than 500 programs completed, Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform is still a proven choice to accelerate molecules through development and reach the market, faster. Download Fact Sheet Integrated capabilities for drug substance, clinical testing & drug product development. Translational Pharmaceutics® accelerates molecules through development by integrating traditionally siloed services. Drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing activities are traditionally siloed. Oftentimes, multiple providers are selected to handle these activities, creating handovers between providers that add time and cost to the drug development process. The Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform allows us to optimize your drug development needs. By integrating those activities, we help you reach key milestones as quickly and efficiently as possible. Understanding the dependencies between drug substance properties, formulation design, and clinical outcomes enables us to enhance development efficiency and help you achieve your goals at each development stage: Bridging from candidate development to first in human (FIH) studies Accelerating molecules from FIH to proof of concept (POC) Rapid drug product optimization Manufacturing your product at commercial scale Image Contact Us Benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics® A faster, integrated approach to drug development. Timeline acceleration by 12 months or more Cost savings in R&D spend Better decisions based on emerging human clinical data Provides flexibility to adjust formulation composition within a study Conserves drug substance by up to 85% Streamlines & simplifies vendor management & supply chain Validated by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development The Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for drug development has been used on over 500 drug programs. The financial benefits and time savings were quantified in a publication by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD). Read The Report What our customers say about Translational Pharmaceutics® Read real insight from small and large pharmaceutical and biotech companies about their experiences working with Quotient Sciences and leveraging our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for their drug program. Ready to discuss how Translational Pharmaceutics® can be applied to save time and cost in your next drug program? Contact us today. Let's Talk Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio Drug Product Optimization Unique and innovative formulations help our customers achieve their drug program goals. Find out about our rapid formulation optimization programs. Learn More Now With Drug Substance Seamless coordination between drug substance and drug product manufacturing results in efficient and accelerated drug development. Learn More Tufts Report Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) compares the savings and financial benefits for drug developers that use Translational Pharmaceu... Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/volunteers
Volunteers | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Volunteer for a Clinical Trial Looking to take part in clinical trials? At Quotient Sciences we are always looking for volunteers. Home Volunteers Interested in becoming a volunteer? We truly appreciate your interest in contributing to the future of science and accelerating the delivery of new medicines to patients. At Quotient Sciences, we are building a culture of volunteer centricity that makes us the No.1 choice for volunteers wishing to take part in clinical trials. Our dedicated recruitment team ensures your comfort and safety during your participation. We pride ourselves on our altruistic approach that underpins everything we do. Volunteer satisfaction before, during and after a residential stay in our unit is our primary focus. Learn more about how you can volunteer for a clinical trial at one of our clinics. Volunteers as partners Our commitment to volunteers goes beyond other phase 1 units. Our volunteers as partners approach focuses on volunteer centricity at all stages of the journey with Quotient Sciences. We have formed a Volunteer Advocacy Panel consisting of active volunteers and dedicated staff members to ensure we are the number one choice for volunteers wishing to take part in clinical trials. This ensures that we continuously deliver an independent and volunteer-centric view of our processes and documentation, through feedback and open forums. We strive for: Improved volunteer satisfaction, resulting in a high proportion of repeat volunteers Excellent compliance and treatment adherence Clear and concise documentation that is well understood by our volunteers Excellent recruitment rates Enhanced volunteer retention on study Contact us to find out more about our Volunteer Advocacy Panel. Volunteer satisfaction is our primary focus. Before, during and after a residential stay, our primary focus is to ensure that volunteers are taken care of. Our dedicated recruitment team ensures your comfort and safety during your participation. We pride ourselves on our altruistic approach that underpins everything we do. More than three decades of experience in clinical trials Programs with leading pharmaceutical and biotech companies Over 1,300 clinical trials completed Nottingham, UK Address: Quotient Sciences - Nottingham Mere Way Ruddington Fields Ruddington, Nottingham NG11 6JS Call us: 0330 303 5000 Visit our website: weneedyou.co.uk Volunteer at Nottingham Miami, FL, USA Address: Quotient Sciences - Miami 747 Ponce De Leon Blvd Suite 700 Coral Gables, FL 33134 Call us: 305-646-6785 Visit our website: goparticipatenow.com Volunteer at Miami Are you a sponsor? Learn about our clinical pharmacology services & capabilities for first-in-human Phase I trials Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/cookies
Cookies Policy | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Cookies Policy Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Cookies Policy Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. We use the following cookies: Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services. Analytical and performance cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies. From our website, you may also choose to opt out of cookies or adjust your preferences using the consent banner at any time. You may also adjust your web browser settings to block cookies. If you choose to do either of these, you may not be able to access all or parts of our website. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/privacy
Privacy Policy | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Privacy Policy Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Quotient Sciences respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. View our privacy notice to better understand how we look after your personal data when you visit our website and learn about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. A-H176 Quotient Sciences Privacy Notice INTRODUCTION Welcome to Quotient Sciences’ privacy notice. Quotient respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. This privacy notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some terms used in this privacy notice. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS DATA SECURITY DATA RETENTION YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS GLOSSARY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CANDIDATES WHO APPLY TO WORK FOR QUOTIENT 1\. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY NOTICE This privacy notice aims to give you information on how Quotient collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to for newsletters and information, enquire about a service, or participate in a competition or survey. It also provides information about how Quotient collects and processes your personal data if you apply to work for Quotient – see the final sections of this privacy notice for details. Please note if you use our volunteer website www.weneedyou.co.uk then separate terms apply which can be found on that site. This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children. You should read this privacy notice with our Terms of Website Use and any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so you know how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them. CONTROLLER Quotient Sciences Limited is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively called ”Quotient”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice). We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who oversees questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below. CONTACT DETAILS Our full details are: Full name of legal entity: Quotient Sciences Limited Email address: dpo@quotientsciences.com Postal address: Data Protection Officer, Quotient Sciences Trent House, Mere Way, Ruddington Fields Business Park, Ruddington, Nottingham, NG11 6JS. You may make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues ( www.ico.org.uk ). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES This version was last updated on 22nd May 2023 and historic versions can be obtained by contacting us. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. THIRD-PARTY LINKS This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit. 2\. THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data). We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows: Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, title, date of birth and gender. Contact Data includes address, email address and telephone numbers. Transaction Data includes details about enquiries and communications to and from you and other details of services you have purchased or discussed with us. Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website. Profile Data includes purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses. Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services. Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences. We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice. We collect no Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences. IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with services). In this case, we may have to cancel a service you have with us but we will notify you if so. 3\. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED? We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through: Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity and Contact Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you: enquire about or apply for our services; subscribe to view our webinars or download a website resource; request marketing to be sent to you; provide us with your business card at a promotional event; enter a competition, promotion, survey or use our website ‘Ask the Expert’ feature; use the chat feature on our website; or give us some feedback. Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our Cookie Policy for further details. Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below: Technical Data from the parties such as analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU; Contact, and Transaction Data from providers of technical and delivery services; and Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators such as Pardot and Zymewire. 4\. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in these circumstances: Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you. Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. Click here to discover more about the lawful basis we will rely on to process your personal data. Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message or by our use of cookies which is detailed in our Cookie Policy . You may withdraw consent to marketing at any time by Contacting Us . PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. Note we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please Contact Us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below. Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest Performance of a contract with you (a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation (c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our services) (a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our services, to develop them and grow our business) (a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise) (b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our services and grow our business) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to fill vacancies within the organisation) MARKETING We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We only send marketing information to Corporate Subscribers, never to consumer. As a Corporate Subscriber you will always receive the option to unsubscribe from any marketing communications from us in any communication we send, or you can Contact Us to do so. PROMOTIONAL OFFERS FROM US We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing). You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition, registered for a promotion or participated in a webinar and in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing. THIRD-PARTY MARKETING We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the Quotient group of companies for marketing. OPTING OUT You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by Contact Us at any time. Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of service purchase, service experience or other transaction. COOKIES You can choose to opt in or out of cookies using the cookie consent tool. If you opt out of cookies, some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see Cookie Policy . CHANGE OF PURPOSE We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please Contact Us . If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law. 5\. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above. Internal Third Parties as set out in the Glossary. External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary. Specific third parties such as with: Salesforce who host our customer relationship management database and are based outside of the EEA, which enables us to record our interactions with our customers. Dotmailer who host our email marketing platform and are based inside the EEA. Third parties to whom we may sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. We may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice. We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it under the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and under our instructions. 6\. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS We share your personal data within the Quotient Group. This will involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA) to the USA. Many of our external third parties are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA. Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of these safeguards is implemented: We will only transfer your personal data to countries deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries . Or by the UK Secretary of State in furtherance of UK GDPR. Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries . Where the adequacy decision originates from the UK, we may use the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement to agree the same protection of personal data. Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if we’ve put into place appropriate safeguards and having undertaken a risk assessment, we are satisfied the level of protection is essentially equivalent to that under the UK data protection regime. Please Contact Us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the UK. 7\. DATA SECURITY We have put in place security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties with a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so. 8\. DATA RETENTION HOW LONG WILL YOU USE MY PERSONAL DATA FOR? We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including to satisfy any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by Contacting Us. Sometimes you can ask us to delete your data: see Request erasure below for further information. Sometimes we may anonymise your personal data (so it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. 9\. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to discover more about these rights: Request access to your personal data. Request correction of your personal data . Request erasure of your personal data . Object to processing of your personal data . Request restriction of processing your personal data . Request transfer of your personal data . Right to withdraw consent . If you wish to exercise the rights set out above, please Contact Us . NO FEE USUALLY REQUIRED You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. WHAT WE MAY NEED FROM YOU We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. TIME LIMIT TO RESPOND We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is complex or you have made several requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. GLOSSARY LAWFUL BASIS Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you regarding specific activities by Contacting Us . Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract. Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation we are subject to. THIRD PARTIES INTERNAL THIRD PARTIES Other companies in the Quotient Group acting as processors and who are based in the USA and provide IT and system administration services, scientific support, undertake leadership reporting and assist or supervise on projects. EXTERNAL THIRD PARTIES Service providers acting as processors based in the USA who provide IT and system administration services, including Drift who provide the chat functionality on our website. Professional advisers acting as processors including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the EEA and the USA who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services. HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS You have the right to: Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check we are lawfully processing it. Request correction of the personal data we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You may also ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we must erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You may also object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. Sometimes, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms. Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in these scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if so when you withdraw your consent. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CANDIDATES WHO APPLY TO WORK FOR QUOTIENT THE KIND OF INFORMATION WE HOLD ABOUT YOU With your application for work with us, we will collect, store, and use these categories of personal information about you: The information you have provided to us in your curriculum vitae and covering letter. The information you have provided on our application form, including name, title, address, telephone number, personal email address, date of birth, gender, employment history, qualifications, right to work documentation (including your passport or ID document). Any information you provide to us during an interview or as part of any test or assessment which you conduct as part of the recruitment process. We may also collect, store and use the following “special categories” of more sensitive personal information: Information about your race or ethnicity. Information about your health, including any medical condition, health and sickness records. Information about criminal convictions and offences. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED? We collect personal information about candidates from the following sources: You, the candidate. any recruitment agency you may have used. Your named referees. HOW WE WILL USE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU We will use the personal information we collect about you to: Assess your skills, qualifications, and suitability for the role. Carry out background and reference checks, where applicable. Communicate with you about the recruitment process. Keep records related to our hiring processes. Comply with legal or regulatory requirements. It is in our legitimate interests to decide whether to appoint you to a role since it would be beneficial to our business to appoint someone to that role. We also need to process your personal information to decide whether to contract with you. Having received your CV and covering letter or your application form we will then process that information to decide whether you meet the basic requirements to be shortlisted for the role. If you do, we will decide whether your application is strong enough to invite you for an interview. If we call you for an interview, we will use the information you provide to us at the interview to decide whether to offer you the role. If we offer you the role, we will then take up before confirming your appointment. If you fail to provide personal information If you fail to provide information when requested, which is necessary for us to consider your application (such as evidence of qualifications or work history), we cannot process your application successfully. For example, if we require references for this role and you fail to provide us with details, we cannot take your application further. HOW WE USE PARTICULARLY SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION We will use your particularly sensitive personal information in these ways: We will use information about your disability status to consider whether we need to provide adjustments during the recruitment process, for example whether adjustments need to be made during a test or interview. We will use information about your race or national or ethnic origin to ensure meaningful equal opportunity monitoring and reporting. INFORMATION ABOUT CRIMINAL CONVICTIONS We will request information about your criminal convictions history if we would like to offer you the role (conditional on checks and any other conditions, such as references, being satisfactory). We have in place safeguards when processing such data. AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING You will not be subject to decisions that will have a significant impact on you based solely on automated decision-making. DATA SHARING Why might you share my personal information with third parties? We will only share your personal information with these third parties to process your application: other Quotient group companies, any recruitment company you apply to us through and the third party provider of our recruitment database 3D MarComms Limited. All our third-party service providers and other entities in the group must take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in line with our policies. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and under our instructions. Sometimes we need to share your health information with an occupational health organisation to help us in assessing your suitability for a role, or how we can make appropriate adjustments to consider a health condition you may have. Before we share such information we will get your explicit consent. DATA RETENTION How long will you use my information for? We will retain your personal information for a period of up to 21 months after we have communicated to you our decision about whether to appoint you to the role. We retain your personal information so we can show, if a legal claim occurs, that we have not discriminated against candidates on prohibited grounds and that we have conducted the recruitment exercise in a fair and transparent way, or if another opportunity arises for which you think you may be suitable. After this period, we will securely destroy your personal information in accordance with our retention policy. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/terms-website-use
Terms of Website Use | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Terms of Website Use Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Terms of Website Use PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE These terms tell you the rules for using our website www.quotientsciences.com (our site). Please note if you use our volunteer website www.weneedyou.co.uk then separate terms apply which can be found on that site. WHO WE ARE AND HOW TO CONTACT US www.quotientsciences.com is a site operated by Quotient Sciences Limited (”We”). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 05221615 and have our registered office at Trent House Mere Way, Ruddington Fields Business Park, Ruddington, Nottingham, NG11 6JS, England. To contact us, please telephone our customer service line on +44 115 974 9000. BY USING OUR SITE YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site. We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference. THERE ARE OTHER TERMS THAT MAY APPLY TO YOU These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site: • Our Privacy Policy , which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate. • Our Cookie Policy , which sets out information about the cookies on our site. WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO THESE TERMS We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time. These terms were most recently updated on 21.12.2017. WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO OUR SITE We may update and change our site from time to time to reflect our users’ needs and our business priorities. WE MAY SUSPEND OR WITHDRAW OUR SITE Our site is made available free of charge. We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them. Our site is directed to people residing in the United Kingdom. We do not represent that content available on or through our site is appropriate for use or available in other locations. HOW YOU MAY USE MATERIAL ON OUR SITE We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged. You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors. If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. PROHIBITED USES You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site: • In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation. • In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect. • To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware. You also agree: • Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the other provisions of these terms of website use. • Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt: • any part of our site; • any equipment or network on which our site is stored; • any software used in the provision of our site; or • any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party. BREACH OF THIS POLICY When we consider that a breach of this acceptable use policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate. Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of these terms upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions: • Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site. • Issue of a warning to you. • Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach. • Further legal action against you. • Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary or as required by law. We exclude our liability for all action we may take in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The actions we may take are not limited to those described above, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate. DO NOT RELY ON INFORMATION ON THIS SITE The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR WEBSITES WE LINK TO Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. OUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE SUFFERED BY YOU Whether you are a consumer or a business user: We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation. If you are a business user: • We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it. • We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with: • use of, or inability to use, our site; or • use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site. • In particular, we will not be liable for: • loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue; • business interruption; • loss of anticipated savings; • loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or • any indirect or consequential loss or damage. If you are a consumer user: Please note that we only provide our site for business use. You agree not to use our site for any domestic and private use, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR VIRUSES AND YOU MUST NOT INTRODUCE THEM We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software. You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately. RULES ABOUT LINKING TO OUR SITE You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you. Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page . We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in these terms. If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact us at: Chief Compliance Officer, Trent House Mere Way, Ruddington Fields Business Park, Ruddington, Nottingham, NG11 6JS, England. WHICH COUNTRY’S LAWS APPLY TO ANY DISPUTES? If you are a business, these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/modern-slavery-statement
Modern Slavery Statement | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Modern Slavery Statement Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Modern Slavery Statement To read our Modern Slavery Statement, click here . Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/gender-pay-statement
Gender Pay Statement | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Gender Pay Statement Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Gender Pay Statement To read our statements, click the links. Gender Pay Gap Statement 2024 Gender Pay Gap Statement 2023 Gender Pay Gap Statement 2022 Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/alnwick-uk-standard-terms
Alnwick: UK Standard Terms | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, UK Standard Terms Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Alnwick: UK Standard Terms To read Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, UK Standard Terms, click here . Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/node/281
Our Principles | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Card Subheading Science. Agility. Culture. Inseparable, intertwined, interdependent. Core principles that define us. Card Link Discover our principles Card Image Image Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/manifesto/story
Molecule to cure. Fast | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Story of Our Manifesto Watch video Loading... Our Manifesto We put our customers successes at the center of everything we do. Whilst our brand was always deeply rooted in that meaning, in 2021 we decided to highlight the difference that we can make with you to patients lives day-to-day with our new manifesto. Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Where science and agility integrate and combine. We cut through silos across a range of drug development capabilities. Saving precious time and money in getting drugs to patients. Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, and molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Our Commitment Our commitment to be “science rich” and "science led", drives us to deliver excellence in customer service, share successes and innovate their proposition. We recognize the importance of our employees and support their growth, so that each individual can achieve their fullest potential – with a strong competitive drive to win for our customers, investors, but most of all for the patients that will use the medicines we have helped to develop. Our Manifesto reflects our purpose, our focus, who we are and what we do. Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us What We Do Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/evecxia-phase-1-trial
Evecxia Therapeutics Reports Favorable Data From a Phase 1 SAD/MAD Trial | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Evecxia Therapeutics Reports Favorable Data From a Phase 1 SAD/MAD Trial News & Announcements , Customer Milestone Evecxia Therapeutics Reports Favorable Data From a Phase 1 SAD/MAD Trial Evecxia Therapeutics Reports Favorable Data From a Phase 1 Single-Ascending Dose and Multiple-Ascending Dose Trial of Adjunctive EVX-101 in Healthy Volunteers Treated With a First-Line Antidepressant April 10, 2023 - Evecxia Therapeutics, Inc. announced favorable safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetic, and pharmacodynamic data from a double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 1, a two-part single ascending dose (SAD) and multiple ascending dose (MAD) trial of EVX-101 in healthy volunteers treated with escitalopram. The Company further announced the planned design of a Phase 2 adjunctive EVX-101 trial in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) responding inadequately to a first-line antidepressant (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) or serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI)). EVX-101 is a novel, proprietary gastro-retentive, sustained-release tablet formulation of 5-hydroxytryptophan (5-HTP), the natural precursor to serotonin, and low-dose carbidopa. EVX-101, administered in addition to a first-line antidepressant, is intended to elevate extracellular serotonin beyond the first-line antidepressant effect, which convergent clinical pharmacology, brain imaging, and neuroanatomical data support would augment antidepressant efficacy. In EVX-101, the 5-HTP dose is fixed at 250 mg, while variable levels of carbidopa control 5-HTP plasma exposure levels. The Phase 1 trial was conducted at Quotient Sciences’ Nottingham, UK facility. Continue Reading Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/node/75
Drug Substance Synthesis and Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Substance Synthesis and Manufacturing Tactical deployment of best-in-class synthesis technologies to minimize chemistry costs and move your drug substance supply off the critical path. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/biocryst-pharmaceuticals
Case Study: BioCryst Pharmaceuticals | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Translational Pharmaceutics , Clinical Pharmacology , First-in-Human Case Study: BioCryst Pharmaceuticals Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: BioCryst Pharmaceuticals Overview Request a copy of our case study with BioCryst Pharmaceuticals who were looking for a partner with expertise and experience to provide certainty that the delivery timelines for the program could be achieved A small biotech company, BioCryst Pharmaceuticals was founded in Birmingham, Alabama. BioCryst is a pharmaceutical company that has stayed true to its commitment to discovering, developing, and delivering treatments to patients that may have an extraordinary impact on their lives. BioCryst Pharmaceuticals specializes in structure-guided small molecule drug design, using detailed knowledge of the structures of active sites of clinically significant enzymes to develop novel agents that interfere with the progression of the disease. Founded in 1986, the company’s development pipeline currently includes inhibitor-based treatment programs for hereditary angioedema (HAE), hemorrhagic fevers, influenza, and gout. Quotient Sciences was approached to help BioCryst Pharmaceuticals in their development of BCX4161, a promising candidate for the treatment of hereditary angioedema. They took advantage of our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform and First-In-Human program for the development to accelerate their timelines and hit key deadlines. Request a copy of the case study today here. Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: BioCryst Pharmaceuticals Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/mei-pharma
Case Study: MEI Pharma | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Oncology , Translational Pharmaceutics , First-in-Human Case Study: MEI Pharma Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: MEI Pharma Overview A formulation for success. Read MEI Pharma's novel cancer therapy development case study. MEI Pharma , headquartered in San Diego, is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company. They are committed to the development of best-in-class cancer therapies, intended to improve outcomes for patients. MEI Pharma leveraged Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to expedite the development of its next-generation cancer therapy ME-401. This is an oral PI3K delta inhibitor currently undergoing clinical trials for the treatment of recurrent chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) and follicular non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (fNHL). Quotient Sciences' scientific experts have worked on over 400 oncology drug development projects. We offer the significant benefit of evaluating targeted oncology molecules in healthy volunteers. We can apply our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to accelerate drug product optimization by integrating real-time drug product manufacturing and clinical assessments. Request a copy of our case study with MEI Pharma today and find out how we can accelerate your oncology drug development timelines. Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: MEI Pharma Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/druggability-technologies
Case Study: Druggability Technologies (DRGT) | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Translational Pharmaceutics , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Commercial Manufacturing Case Study: Druggability Technologies (DRGT) Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: Druggability Technologies (DRGT) Overview Druggability Technologies (DRGT) needed a partner to rapidly develop a clinical formulation and commercial product Druggability Technologies (DRGT) was a pharmaceutical company developing an array of drugs in diverse indications to achieve measurable and meaningful improvement in their clinical utility. The company used its proprietary platform to screen and select Super-API compositions and its portfolio contains over 30 preclinical and clinical-stage compounds including DRGT-46, as a novel therapy for pain. DRGT wanted to rapidly develop a clinical formulation and, if successful, a commercial product. Gábor Heltovics, former CEO of DRGT contacted Quotient Sciences to enable the rapid development, clinical assessment, and commercial readiness of their DRGT-46 product using our integrated services and network of harmonized development and manufacturing sites in the UK and the US. DRGT benefited from using our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform, integrating formulation development , real-time clinical manufacturing, and clinical testing to accelerate progress to scale-up. Request a copy of the case study here. Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: Druggability Technologies (DRGT) Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/xspray-pharma
Case Study: Xspray Pharma | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Translational Pharmaceutics , Drug Product Optimization , Formulation Development , Oncology Case Study: Xspray Pharma Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: Xspray Pharma Overview Solving insolubility. Read Xspray Pharma's drug development case study. Xspray Pharma is a drug delivery company based in Stockholm, Sweden that concentrates on solving a common problem in the pharmaceutical industry today, that of variable bioavailability due to poor solubility in gastric fluid, pH-dependent absorption, and food interactions. Protein kinase inhibitors (PKIs) are used in the treatment of cancer and inflammation, but food interactions are a common problem with this class of drugs. Swedish drug delivery company Xspray Pharma has used its Hybrid Nanoparticle (HyNap™) technology to improve the bioavailability of the PKI nilotinib, reducing the required dose and significantly lowering the food interaction of the drug compared with the marketed product. Working closely with Quotient Sciences', Xspray Pharma took advantage of our integrated approach in their Phase I study. They were able to go back to the lab, change the dose, transfer the new formulation to the manufacturing facilities, and be back testing in the clinic, all in a very short space of time. This approach made a significant difference to the speed of the results that they gained and reduced their program timelines. Download a copy of our case study with Xspray Pharma today and find out how we can accelerate your drug development timelines. Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: Xspray Pharma Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/clovis-oncology
Case Study: Clovis Oncology | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Oncology , Drug Product Optimization , Formulation Development Case Study: Clovis Oncology Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: Clovis Oncology Overview Read our case study on how Clovis Oncology leveraged our unique integrated programs to efficiently meet their program goals. Clovis Oncology was a US-based biopharmaceutical company that focused on acquiring, developing, and commercializing cancer treatments for global markets. Their development programs were targeted at specific subsets of cancer, and combined personalized medicine with companion diagnostics, aiming to create therapeutics that were directed at the patients most likely to benefit from them. They chose to work with Quotient Sciences' to take advantage of our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for rociletinib, a promising oral candidate drug for the treatment of EGFR-resistant non-small cell lung cancer. Performed on healthy volunteers, this flexible, data-driven Phase I development study enabled the rapid development of an optimized salt formulation. Request a copy of our case study with Clovis Oncology today to find out more about the real-world benefits of our integrated approach. Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: Clovis Oncology Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/pediatrics
Pediatric Formulation & Drug Product Development| Quotient Sciences Skip to
main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers
Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and
manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our
Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer
trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn
about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the
years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet
our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational
Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn
More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development
timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development
Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating
molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products
through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage,
our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program.
Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug
Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic
labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation,
solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing
Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs.
Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process
validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy
compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative
biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data
management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development
Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C
Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials.
Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your
goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster
Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS /
Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics
Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage
Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are
your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization
Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases
CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need
Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development
stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial
Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines
Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial
supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work
successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and
insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand
Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars
on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles
written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new
scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters.
Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical
drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of
oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with
identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Pediatric
Formulation & Development Customized solutions to meet unique pediatric
program needs. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Solutions Pediatrics
Translating regulatory challenges into pediatric formulation solutions.
Loading... Patient needs and regulatory requirements are driving the
development of age-appropriate formulations. The demand for pediatric dosage
forms continues to increase; however, the number of approved pediatric drug
treatments on the market remains substantially less than those for adults.
Legislation in the US and EU also requires the submission of pediatric plans
at given points in the adult development of a new medicine. These factors have
made the development of acceptable pediatric formulations a highlight in the
development of modern medicines for over two decades. To meet both patient and
regulatory expectations, there are several key steps for consideration in the
development of a pediatric dosage form. Quotient Sciences' expertise in
pediatrics formulation development , combined with our global drug product
manufacturing and clinical testing capabilities, enables us to provide a
unique solution for your drug program's needs. Pediatric formulation and
product development Several factors must be considered when developing a
pediatric product that achieves clinical, regulatory, and commercial success:
The route of administration The safety profile Taste and palatability The
child’s age, weight, and physiologic condition The treatment plan’s
requirements We bring a wealth of insight to every pediatric drug program. Our
team has decades of experience in developing palatable pediatric formulations
in the over-the-counter (OTC) and consumer healthcare industry. We can support
you with the development and testing of customized pediatric pharmaceutical
formulations to achieve your program's milestones. Expert insight on pediatric
drug development Quotient Sciences' experts share formulation development,
clinical testing strategies, and drug product manufacturing strategies when
developing pediatric products. Read the first part of our three-part blog
series by Nazim Kanji, Executive Director, Pediatric Services at Quotient
Sciences. Pediatrics, Formulation Development The challenges and opportunities
of Pediatric Dosage Form Development: Part 1 - Program Design and Formulation
Development By: Nazim Kanji Read Blog Pediatric formulation development
capabilities Taste masking We have an extensive track record developing age-
appropriate dosage forms of aversive, bitter drug substances using a range of
taste-modifying and taste-masking techniques without compromising on product
stability and PK performance. Taste assessment and PK studies Using our
integrated GMP manufacturing and clinical testing platform, we perform rapid,
adaptive trials in humans to optimize taste attributes and PK performance.
This provides you with the clinical validation that you need prior to
proceeding to your pediatric trials. Global patient clinical supplies We
manufacture, package, release and supply GMP drug products ready for dosing on
a worldwide basis, in line with your study and recruitment needs. Our flexible
options range from a personalized, per-patient basis to more traditional batch
manufacturing. Commercial manufacture Our production facilities in
Philadelphia, PA are fully inspected and approved by FDA, EMA, PMDA and DEA
and specialize in low-volume products. We support regulatory processes for
your pediatric investigation plans and pediatric study plans. Go further with
Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech
organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational
Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance,
drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch
Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us
Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us
Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms
of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/corcept-therapeutics
Case Study: Corcept Therapeutics | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , First-in-Human , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Commercial Manufacturing Case Study: Corcept Therapeutics Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: Corcept Therapeutics Overview A case study on Quotient Sciences' accelerated approach to integrated clinical manufacturing and Phase 1 clinical trials Corcept Therapeutics , based in California, USA, is a pharmaceutical company focused on the impact of cortisol on health and the development of glucocorticoid receptor (GR) antagonists. Following its foundation in 1998, the company successfully developed Korlym® (mifepristone), a dual GR and progesterone receptor (PR) antagonist for the treatment of endogenous Cushing’s syndrome (Hypercortisolism), a disorder associated with significant morbidity and mortality. However, the dual action of mifepristone limited the circumstances in which the drug could be used, and there was a need for a selective 'next generation' medication offering all of the benefits but without the associated risks. Quotient Sciences was approached to help Corcept Therapeutics in their development of CORT125134 . This was contracted out to us due to our ability to integrate clinical manufacturing and clinical trial dosing at the same location. Request a copy of our case study today and contact us to find out how we can accelerate drug development timelines saving as much as 12 months in the process with our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: Corcept Therapeutics Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/stealth-biotherapeutics
Case Study: Stealth BioTherapeutics | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Translational Pharmaceutics , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Peptide Drug Development Case Study: Stealth BioTherapeutics Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: Stealth BioTherapeutics Overview Our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform was the cost-effective, rapid delivery solution that Stealth BioTherapeutics needed to accelerate its drug development program Stealth BioTherapeutics is an innovative biopharmaceutical company based in Massachusetts, USA, focused on developing targeted therapies for diseases linked by a common aetiology of mitochondrial dysfunction. There are more than 270 inherited orphan mitochondrial diseases that are characterized by known genetic defects. Relatively recently, research has shown that mitochondrial dysfunction is associated with conditions including heart failure, kidney disease, age-related macular degeneration, cardiovascular and metabolic diseases, neurodegeneration, and some musculoskeletal disorders. Stealth BioTherapeutics was looking for a partner to reformulate a drug target, initially in the US, but found that option to be cumbersome in its approach to clinical manufacturing and timely potentially adding months onto their timeline. Hearing about Quotient Sciences which can offer on-site clinical manufacturing and a project design with a turnaround of 72 hours for pharmacokinetic (PK) and safety data, a site visit followed and within three days, Stealth BioTherapeutics accepted our proposal. After taking everything into account the manufacturing costs of a traditional CMO who creates multiple lots of clinical trial material that may never get used, our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform was the cost-effective option they needed. Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: Stealth BioTherapeutics Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/pulmatrix
Case Study: Pulmatrix | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Drug Product Optimization , Formulation Development , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Commercial Manufacturing Case Study: Pulmatrix Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: Pulmatrix Overview Breathing new life into Phase I clinical trials. Read Pulmatrix's case study. Pulmatrix is a small, clinical-stage biotechnology company based in Lexington, MA, that uses an innovative inhaled dry powder technology, iSPERSE (inhaled small particles easily respirable and emitted), to develop a new generation of inhaled therapeutics. Initially drawn to Quotient Sciences' to perform a Phase I study based on our deep understanding of the UK regulatory environment, Pulmatrix realized that we are very experienced at designing flexible clinical trials across a broad formulation development space as well as having expertise in inhaled drug development . This was not something that they had come across in the US market which would prove to benefit their drug development timelines. By working with the same team of experts, they were able to streamline many processes and planning lessons allowing their drug program to progress more quickly. Request a copy of our case study with Pulmatrix today and find out how we can accelerate your drug development timelines. Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: Pulmatrix Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news?category=47&field_publish_date=All&keyword=
News | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Latest News Read the latest updates from Quotient Sciences. Contact Us Home News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More 1 - 5 of 11 results Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences’ Dr. Andrew Lewis Receives 2024 Distinguished Service Award from Controlled Release Society (CRS) Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences’ Dr. Andrew Lewis Receives 2024 Distinguished Service Award from Controlled Release Society (CRS) Dr. Andrew Lewis, Quotient Sciences’ Chief Scientific Officer, has been recognized by the Controlled Release Society (CRS) as a recipient of the 2024 Distinguished Service Award. Learn more Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Recognized in the Pharma Innovation Awards 2023 Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Recognized in the Pharma Innovation Awards 2023 The Pharma Innovation Awards 2023 recognizes Quotient Sciences’ FlowInova platform with an award for its ability to streamline the scale-up process for early-phase API development. Learn more Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Recognized in the 2023 British Made Awards Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Recognized in the 2023 British Made Awards Quotient Sciences is one of the 2023 winners of the SME British Made Awards. The company was recognized as the Most Innovative Tailored Drug Development Company in this year&#039;s awards.The awards are given solely on merit and are awarded... Learn more Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Wins Multiple Categories in 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Wins Multiple Categories in 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards Quotient Sciences is a multi-category award winner of the 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards. Now in its 12th year, the CDMO Leadership Awards recognizes superior performance by contract development and manufacturing organizations (CDMO's) across ... Learn more Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences wins in all 2022 CRO Leadership Award categories Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences wins in all 2022 CRO Leadership Award categories Quotient Sciences has been recognized with multiple 2022 CRO Leadership Awards, including two Champion Awards. The CRO Leadership Awards recognizes top performing outsourcing organizations in the drug development space. Quotient received le... Learn more Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Next page Next › Last page Last » Learn more about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Ready to get started? Schedule a meeting with us at an upcoming industry event. Contact Us See Events Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/british-made-awards-2023-most-innovative-tailored-drug-development-company
Quotient Sciences Recognized in the 2023 British Made Awards | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Recognized in the 2023 British Made Awards Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Recognized in the 2023 British Made Awards Quotient Sciences is one of the 2023 winners of the SME British Made Awards . The company was recognized as the Most Innovative Tailored Drug Development Company in this year's awards. The awards are given solely on merit and are awarded to commend those most deserving for their ingenuity and hard work, distinguishing them from their competitors and proving them worthy of recognition. We have been judged to show that we are always improving our skills and reach, contributing to elevating our industry, and ultimately enabling the UK drug development market to flourish further into the future. Awards Coordinator Jack Ford commented: "The British Made Awards are here to celebrate those making waves in their industries not simply for the present moment, but for the near and distant future of the market in the UK." We would like to thank all those at the SME for the recognition and this award. Contact us about our award-winning tailored drug development services today. Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-wins-all-2022-cro-leadership-award-categories
Quotient Sciences wins in all 2022 CRO Leadership Award categories | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences wins in all 2022 CRO Leadership Award categories Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences wins in all 2022 CRO Leadership Award categories Quotient Sciences has been recognized with multiple 2022 CRO Leadership Awards , including two Champion Awards. The CRO Leadership Awards recognizes top performing outsourcing organizations in the drug development space. Quotient received leadership awards in all five categories, which included: Capabilities, Compatibility, Expertise, Reliability, Quality in the Overall award segment. Quotient was also honored with two champion awards in Expertise and Reliability. Champion awards are given to companies that scored one standard deviation more above the weighted average in each of the categories and are deemed “top performers”. Champion Award Winning Categories: Expertise (Overall) Reliability (Overall) Leadership Award Winning Categories: Capabilities (Overall) Compatibility (Overall) Expertise (Overall) Reliability (Overall) Quality (Overall) For the 2022 CRO Leadership Awards, we once again teamed up with ISR Reports to determine the award recipients. 50 contract research organizations were assessed on 20+ performance metrics in ISR’s annual CRO Quality Benchmarking survey. Respondents only evaluate companies with which they have worked on an outsourced project within the past 18 months. This level of qualification ensures that survey responses are based on actual involvement with CROs and clear experiential data. See the report & full list of winners Share: Latest news Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences’ Dr. Andrew Lewis Receives 2024 Distinguished Service Award from Controlled Release Society (CRS) Learn more Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Recognized in the Pharma Innovation Awards 2023 Learn more Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Recognized in the 2023 British Made Awards Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-recognized-top-pharma-and-life-sciences-outsourcing-company-0
Quotient Sciences Recognized as "Top Pharma and Life Sciences Outsourcing Company" | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Recognized as "Top Pharma and Life Sciences Outsourcing Company" Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Recognized as "Top Pharma and Life Sciences Outsourcing Company" Quotient Sciences has been recognized as a “Top Pharma and Life Sciences Outsourcing Services Company in the UK for 2020” by PharmaTech Outlook magazine. Quotient Sciences won this award in recognition of our integrated approaches to drug development, exemplified by our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. This recognition was awarded to only five companies that are considered to be at the forefront of providing pharmaceutical and life science outsourcing solutions and transforming businesses. Pharma Tech Outlook is a major print magazine that provides insight into design, development, manufacture, evaluation and dosage of drug delivery system including breakthroughs in pharmaceutical infrastructure, tools and equipment to their readership. Accompanying the award is an article in which Matt Paterson, Vice President of Strategic Marketing, shares the background on Quotient Sciences and how we help customers make their drug development processes more efficient and get new molecules to patients faster. Access the full article Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/stuart-mair
Dr. Stuart Mair - Global VP, Medical, Early Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Stuart Mair Global VP, Medical, Early Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Stuart Mair - Global VP, Medical, Early Development About Dr. Stuart (Stu) Mair has over 16 years of experience delivering exploratory clinical studies in the contract research organization (CRO) industry. He has delivered over 100 first-in-human (FIH) studies and is an expert in the design and implementation of exploratory clinical trials from FIH to proof of concept (POC) in patient groups with pharmacodynamic (PD) biomarkers. Stuart has advised clients on multiple study types, from simple pharmacokinetic (PK), bioequivalence (BE), and characterization studies to complex and flexible designs with multiple portions delivered under a single protocol. Prior to joining Quotient Sciences, Stuart was the Medical Director at Charles River Laboratories. He holds a MBChB (Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery) degree and DRCOG (Diploma of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists), DCPSA (Diploma in Clinical Pharmacology of the Society of Apothecaries), and MFPM (Membership of the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Medicine) credentials from the University of Aberdeen in the UK. Topics of interest Clinical Pharmacology Data Sciences Ask a question Featured publication "CC‑99677, a novel, oral, selective covalent MK2 inhibitor, sustainably reduces pro‑inflammatory cytokine production" Spondyloarthritis is a type of inflammatory disease that impacts the vertebral column. It comprises a group of inflammatory rheumatic diseases that is characterized by spinal and peripheral joint oligoarthritis and enthesitis and may be associated with mucocutaneous, ocular, and/or cardiac comorbidities. There is an unmet need when it comes to therapies that can address both disease-related parameters and radiographic progression of spondyloarthritis. Dr. Stuart Mair contributed to a peer-reviewed scientific article in Arthritis Research & Therapy with BioMed Central (BMC). The study, led by Bristol Meyers Squibb and its researchers, reviews a Phase I clinical trial to assess the safety and tolerability of the MK2 inhibitor CC-99677, a potential new treatment for ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and related conditions. Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/andrew-lewis
Dr. Andrew Lewis - Chief Scientific Officer | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Andrew Lewis Chief Scientific Officer Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Andrew Lewis - Chief Scientific Officer About Dr. Andrew (Andy) Lewis is the Chief Scientific Officer at Quotient Sciences. As the leader of Quotient Sciences' scientific teams and drug development consultants , Andy is responsible for driving efficiency and innovation within our scientific organization, both to better serve our customers and drive growth for the Company. Andy has over 15 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and drug delivery industry and is a member of the Academy of Pharmaceutical Scientists of Great Britain. Additionally, Andy has served on the board of directors of the Controlled Release Society, most recently as secretary. Prior to joining Quotient Sciences, Andy was Director of Novel Drug Delivery Technologies at Ipsen. He holds a Ph.D. in Tissue Engineering and a Bachelor of Pharmacy, both from the University of Nottingham. Topics of interest Peptides Modified Release Solubility Enhancement Formulation Development Ask a question Dr. Andrew Lewis Reflecting on Scientific Achievements in 2023 By: Dr. Andrew Lewis Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/nazim-kanji
Nazim Kanji - Executive Director, Pediatric Services | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Nazim Kanji Executive Director, Pediatric Services Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Nazim Kanji - Executive Director, Pediatric Services About Nazim Kanji is the Executive Director of Pediatric Services at Quotient Sciences. In his current role, Nazim works closely with clients to help them scope their pediatric development programs. He also provides ongoing technical support and expertise related to pediatric formulation to the entire Quotient Sciences product development team. Nazim has over 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and consumer healthcare industries, where he has worked in product development roles with Boots Pharmaceuticals, Boots Healthcare International, and Reckitt Benckiser. Nazim's experience includes taking products from the concept stage through to commercialization. Prior to joining Quotient Sciences, Nazim was Co-owner and Director of Co-Formulate, a contract formulation development organization acquired by Quotient Sciences in 2015. He holds a Bachelor of Pharmacy from the University of Nottingham. Topics of interest Pediatrics Taste Masking Taste Assessment & PK Studies Ask a question Articles & Publications, Nazim Kanji Drug Development and Delivery Executive Interview with Nazim Kanji on Palatable Pediatric Formulations By: Nazim Kanji Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/gareth-jenkins
Gareth Jenkins - VP, Science & Technology, Candidate Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Gareth Jenkins VP, Science & Technology, Candidate Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Gareth Jenkins - VP, Science & Technology, Candidate Development About Dr. Gareth Jenkins has over 25 years of experience in the pharmaceutical services industry spanning drug discovery, drug development, and drug product manufacture. Gareth brings a passion for science and innovation built on a broad and deep knowledge of medicinal chemistry, process development, industrial biotechnology, synthetic biology, continuous manufacturing, process analytical technology, and process engineering. He uses this experience to guide drug development roadmaps from candidate selection, through pre-clinical, and across clinical development phases. Gareth holds a degree and PhD in Organic Chemistry from Imperial College, London, and an MBA in Entrepreneurship from Manchester Business School. He is also a Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry. Topics of interest Drug Substance Flow Chemistry Ask a question Articles & Publications, Dr. Gareth Jenkins Gareth Jenkins Contributes to Chemistry Today Panel Discussion on Flow Chemistry By: Gareth Jenkins Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/iain-shaw
Iain Shaw - Senior Director, 14C Enabled Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Iain Shaw Senior Director, 14C Enabled Drug Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Iain Shaw - Senior Director, 14C Enabled Drug Development About Iain Shaw is Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development at Quotient Sciences. Iain has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including more than 20 years of drug development experience. Iain initially joined Pharmaceutical Profiles, which later became Quotient Sciences, as Director of Customer Service in 2008. Prior to joining Quotient Sciences, Iain held early development program management, clinical development, and analytical positions at pharmaceutical companies and contract research organizations (CROs) including Covance (now Lab Corp Drug Development) and PPL Therapeutics. Iain holds a Bachelor of Science in Agricultural Chemistry from the University of Glasgow. Topics of interest Human ADME Isotope Labeling Ask a question Iain Shaw, Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes 14 December 2022 Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/stuart-mcdougall
Stuart McDougall - Principal Research Fellow, Bioanalytical Services | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Stuart McDougall Principal Research Fellow, Bioanalytical Services Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Stuart McDougall - Principal Research Fellow, Bioanalytical Services About Stuart McDougall is Principal Research Fellow of Bioanalytical Services at Quotient Sciences. Stuart has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry within metabolism, pharmacokinetic, and bioanalysis roles. Previous positions include being the global leader of Sanofi-Aventis' bioanalytical strategy team and a member of Covance's global bioanalytical leadership team. Stuart is a pharmacology graduate from the University of Dundee, a harmonization team leader for the Global Bioanalytical Consortium (GBC), a representative for Quotient Sciences on the European Bioanalytical Forum (EBF), and an author and co-author of numerous scientific papers. Topics of interest Bioanalysis Ask a question Articles & Publications, Dr. Stuart McDougall, Bioanalysis, Regulatory Trends Stuart McDougall contributes to European Bioanalysis Forum Workshop ICH M10 Guideline By: Stuart McDougall Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/helen-baker
Dr. Helen Baker - Director, Pharmaceutical Sciences | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Helen Baker Director, Pharmaceutical Sciences Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Helen Baker - Director, Pharmaceutical Sciences About Dr. Helen Baker has over 15 years of formulation and product development experience within the pharmaceutical, biotech, and agronomical industries. Helen has expertise in the formulation of poorly soluble and bioavailable, amorphous, and physically and chemically labile compounds. Prior to her role at Quotient Sciences, Helen managed numerous formulation development, plant scale-up, and R&D endeavours across multiple industries. Topics of interest Formulation Development Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Ask a question Articles & Publications, Dr. Helen Baker Helen Baker Contributes to Drug Development & Delivery Article on Outsourcing Development & Manufacturing Strategies By: Dr. Helen Baker Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/kevser-sevim
Kevser Sevim - PBPK Senior M&S Research Fellow | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Kevser Sevim PBPK Senior M&S Research Fellow Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Kevser Sevim - PBPK Senior M&S Research Fellow About Dr. Kevser Sevim is a Senior Research Fellow who brings her expertise to the dynamic Modelling and Simulation (M&S) team at Quotient Sciences. Her primary focus revolves around advancing the understanding of ADME (absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion) and biopharmaceutics in compound design and selection, utilizing a range of M&S data analysis packages including GastroPlus and Phoenix WinNonlin. Over her five years of experience in this role, Kevser has played a key role in accelerating drug development and manufacturing through the application of in-silico PBPK (physiologically-based pharmacokinetic) modeling. Her contributions provide valuable scientific support across both discovery and development programs. Kevser holds a PhD from the University of Leicester, UK, where she specialized in the modeling of drug release from biodegradable and bioerodible polymers. Before her doctoral studies, she earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from Gazi University, Turkey. Topics of interest Modeling & Simulation PBPK Modelling Ask a question Modeling and Simulation, Kevser Sevim Scientific Poster Spotlight: Qualification of GastroPlus® PBPK Modeling Software to Support Decision Making in Clinical Development Read More Latest news from Quotient Sciences More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/capabilities
Capabilities | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Facility Capabilities We operate from state-of-the-art manufacturing and clinical facilities in the U.S. and U.K. Learn about our global capabilities. Our Locations What We Do Home About Us Locations Capabilities Our Global Support Our facilities include two clinical pharmacology units, and two purpose-built pharmaceutical development and manufacturing sites amongst others. We support you by working under FDA or MHRA guidelines and offer a full range of support services, from study setup through to rapid data analysis and reporting. Global Formulation & Manufacturing Pharmaceutical development and manufacturing facilities in the U.S. and U.K. Production of Phase I – Phase III clinical drug supplies Commercial product manufacture for solid dosage forms U.S. facility is FDA / EMA / PMDA approved, U.K. facility is MHRA approved GMP manufacturing suites globally including high potent compound handling Scalable manufacturing equipment for non-sterile dosage forms Batch sizes ranging from small scale (200g) to large scale (500kg) for tablet and capsule drug products Clinical packaging, labeling and global distribution for Phase I – Phase IIb programs Explore Our Services Explore Integrated Programs Global Clinical Pharmacology Two purpose built Phase I units in the U.S. (Miami) and U.K. (Nottingham) >245 bed capacity across Miami (U.S.), and Nottingham (U.K.) Experienced team of 16 physicians and principal investigators >1,300 Phase I studies completed to date Database of >25,000 active participants across a broad demographic Medical writing, data management, pharmacokinetics, statistical analysis and reporting Clinical Pharmacology Services Clinical Trial Volunteers Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/alnwick-uk
Alnwick, UK | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, UK Watch video Loading... Home About Us Locations Alnwick, UK Alnwick, UK Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, UK Taylor Drive, Alnwick, Northumberland, UK, NE66 2DH +44 (0)1665 608 300 Get Directions Services Drug Substance Synthesis & Manufacturing Isotope Labeling Bioanalysis Formulation Development Clinical Trial Manufacturing All Services Mark Egerton - Former CEO, Quotient Sciences "Working with customers at the point of candidate nomination, we can now design the most streamlined programs and significantly accelerate their development timelines." Overview In February 2021, Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, UK was added to our integrated, global network with the acquisition of Arcinova, a UK contract development & manufacturing organization (CDMO). In late 2022, we opened a £6-million state-of-the-art building expansion of our Alnwick facility featuring multi-purpose capacity of up to 15 GMP reactor streams with reactor volumes ranging from 5 liters up to 150 liters and deployment of both batch or continuous flow chemistry technologies. Read Announcement What's new at Quotient Sciences - Alnwick? More News Acquisitions & Growth, Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Major Investment in Sterile Fill/Finish Capacity in Response to Increasing Industry Demand Read Now News & Announcements, Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Successful US FDA Inspection of Alnwick, UK Facility Read Now Acquisitions & Growth, Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Significant Growth in Workforce at Alnwick, UK, Facility Read Now More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/edinburgh-uk
Edinburgh, UK | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Welcome to Quotient Sciences - Edinburgh, UK Home About Us Locations Edinburgh, UK Edinburgh, UK 1st Floor West Suite, Verdant Redheughs Rigg, Edinburgh, EH12 9DQ Get Directions Services Data Sciences All Services Data Sciences, Careers, Dennis Henderson Spotlight on Data Sciences at Quotient Sciences By: Dennis Henderson Read More Overview Quotient Sciences has had a presence in Edinburgh, UK since early 2009. 15 years later we continue to have a team of data scientists based in Edinburgh. A significant amount of data is generated during our clinical trials. This needs to be carefully processed, analyzed, interpreted, and reported. Our Data Sciences team therefore play a crucial role for our customers. Their rapid data, analysis and results inform and accelerate their drug development programs. Our Data Sciences department supports clinical trials conducted at our Miami, US , and Nottingham, UK , clinics. What's new at Quotient Sciences - Edinburgh? News & Announcements, Nottingham, UK Quotient Sciences Expands Formulation Development Capabilities at Nottingham, UK Learn More News & Announcements, Translational Pharmaceutics®, Nottingham, UK, Reading, UK Quotient Sciences Expands UK Facilities to Support the Delivery of Translational Pharmaceutics® Programs Learn More News & Announcements, Nottingham, UK Quotient Sciences Sponsors 2022 Nottingham Festival of Science and Curiosity Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/boothwyn-philadelphia-pa-usa
Boothwyn, Philadelphia, PA, USA | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Welcome to Quotient Sciences - Boothwyn, Philadelphia, PA, USA Home About Us Locations Boothwyn, Philadelphia, PA, USA Boothwyn, Philadelphia, PA, USA 3 Chelsea Parkway Boothwyn, PA 19061 Tel. (610) 485-4270 Call Us Get Directions Services Commercial Manufacturing Formulation Development Clinical Trial Manufacturing All Services Overview Our facility located in Boothwyn, just outside Philadelphia, PA offers customers seamless scale-up to late-phase manufacturing and commercial product supply. Integrated into our global network of facilities, Quotient Sciences Boothwyn works closely with our nearby Garnet Valley facility to accelerate drug development programs. What's new at Quotient Sciences - Philadelphia? Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Wins Multiple Categories in 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/garnet-valley-philadelphia-pa-usa
Garnet Valley, Philadelphia, PA, USA | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Welcome to Quotient Sciences - Garnet Valley, Philadelphia, PA, USA Home About Us Locations Garnet Valley, Philadelphia, PA, USA Garnet Valley, Philadelphia, PA, USA 3080 McCann Farm Drive, Garnet Valley, PA 19060 (610) 485 - 4270 Get Directions Services Translational Pharmaceutics® Formulation Development Clinical Trial Manufacturing All Services Mark Egerton - Former CEO commenting on our $15m investment "Our new facility was built in response to increasing demand for our early-phase formulation development and clinical trial manufacturing services. It is designed to optimize our ability to work with highly potent and poorly soluble molecules." Overview Our facility at Garnet Valley was acquired in 2017 and is focused on developing small molecule oral drug products, supporting development programs from the preclinical stage through to clinical proof-of-concept. It has seen significant expansion with the opening of a state-of-the-art, 45,000-square-foot facility. The $15 million investment created a center of excellence for early-phase formulation development and clinical trial manufacturing. Seamless scale-up to late-phase manufacturing and commercial product supply will continue at our nearby Chelsea Parkway, Boothwyn facility. What's new at Quotient Sciences - Philadelphia? Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Wins Multiple Categories in 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/reading-uk
Reading, UK | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Welcome to Quotient Sciences - Reading, UK Home About Us Locations Reading, UK Reading, UK Unit B, 5 Boulton Road, Reading, RG2 0NH +44 (0)1189 209900 Get Directions Services Translational Pharmaceutics® Formulation Development Clinical Trial Manufacturing All Services Overview In 2017, we acquired Pharmaterials, a CDMO based in Reading, UK. The acquisition strengthened and expanded our formulation and manufacturing capabilities and further supported the growth of our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform which continues to this day. In 2022, Reading completed a £1.5 million expansion of its early development and manufacturing facility. This doubled our formulation development and analytical footprint at the facility, with increased office space also part of the expansion as continue to grow our team. What's new at Quotient Sciences - Reading? News & Announcements, Translational Pharmaceutics®, Nottingham, UK, Reading, UK Quotient Sciences Expands UK Facilities to Support the Delivery of Translational Pharmaceutics® Programs Learn More Acquisitions & Growth, Reading, UK Quotient Sciences Significantly Expands Formulation and Manufacturing in UK Learn More Acquisitions & Growth, Reading, UK Quotient Sciences Acquires Pharmaterials, a UK-based Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources
Resources | Knowledge Center | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Resource Center Always with a focus on innovation, find resources that share our scientific experts passion and knowledge. Find case studies, info sheets, posters and more. Translational Pharmaceutics Case Study: Ensysce Biosciences Learn more 1 - 10 of 202 results Case Study, Bioanalysis Case Study: Copper and Ceruloplasmin-Derived Copper Analysis 27 March 2024 Download Now On-Demand Webinar, Formulation Development Rationalizing the Preclinical-Clinical Hurdle – How to Overcome the Toxicology Exposure Challenge 26 March 2024 Watch Now Article, Formulation Development Two-Part Phase 1 Study to Evaluate the Taste Profile of Novel Belumosudil Oral Suspensions and Assess the Relative Bioavailability and Food Effect of the Selected Belumosudil Oral Suspension Compared with Oral Tablet Reference in Healthy Male Participants 12 February 2024 Download Now Info Sheet, Commercial Manufacturing, Pediatrics, Oncology Quotient Sciences' Commercial Manufacturing Capabilities 1 January 2024 Download Now On-Demand Webinar, Drug Substance From Lead Candidate to GMP Manufacture - Navigating the Drug Substance Development Journey 7 December 2023 Watch Now Scientific Poster, Human ADME, First-in-Human Practical Impact of the FDA Draft Guidance on Human Mass Balance Studies - A year of Client Discussions 6 December 2023 Download Now Scientific Poster, Modified Release ASCP 2023: A Phase 1 SAD and MAD Trial of EVX-101, a Novel Gastro-Retentive Prolonged Release 9 October 2023 Download Now On-Demand Webinar, Translational Pharmaceutics How to Accelerate Drug Product Optimization Using Translational Pharmaceutics® 5 October 2023 Watch Now Scientific Poster, Pediatrics EuPFI: Taste Assessment Study of Tenapanor Pediatric Solution Formulations 25 September 2023 Download Now Info Sheet, Human ADME Drug-Drug Interaction (DDI) Studies 17 August 2023 Download Now Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 … Next page Next › Last page Last » Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/human-adme
Human ADME Studies | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Human ADME Studies How can I simplify the delivery of my Human ADME Study? Watch video Loading... Contact us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Human ADME Studies Simplifying study delivery while maximizing data output. Loading... A human mass balance/ADME study is required for New Drug Applications (NDA). Quotient Sciences is a leading provider of human ADME 14C radiolabeled studies. Download Whitepaper Human ADME know-how and regulatory expertise The goal of a human mass balance study is to understand how drugs are absorbed, metabolized, and excreted (AME) after dosing. This information is critical as it helps determine if any other clinical investigations might be necessary for a new drugs regulatory approval. Whether you're approaching the end of Phase II clinical development or planning for your regulatory submission, Quotient Sciences can help you simplify the delivery of your human ADME studies, whilst maximizing data output. We have the scientific expertise and operational know-how to design and deliver human ADME programs in preparation for New Drug Application (NDA), Marketing Authorization Application (MAA), and global regulatory filings. Synthesis-to-Clinic®: Integrated Human ADME Studies Quotient Sciences' Synthesis-to-Clinic® approach pulls all the necessary elements required for the completion of a human ADME program together into a single, integrated program of work. We drive efficient development and manufacturing of 14C drug products tailored to the specific requirements of your ADME program — including intravenous (IV) products to generate IV pharmacokinetic and absolute bioavailability data, where appropriate. Human ADME Studies: What our customers say We conducted a 14C human ADME study with Quotient Sciences… We were extremely satisfied with all aspects of the study, including project management, formulation development, manufacture, clinical conduct, and reporting. We would use Quotient Sciences again for this type of study. Oliver Schueller Senior Vice President , Kadmon, a Sanofi Company Our experts Iain Shaw is Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development at Quotient Sciences. Iain has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including more than 20 years of drug development experience and extensive experience with 14C human ADME studies. Meet Iain Our capabilities Our team of experts have extensive chemical and radiochemical knowledge and experience of isotopically labeling hundreds of molecular entities. Isotopic Labeling What's new in Human ADME? Human ADME, First-in-Human Delivering Human ADME Studies By: Iain Shaw Learn More Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Learn More Candidate Development, First-in-Human How to streamline the development of your molecule from candidate selection to first-in-human clinical testing By: Stephen Byard Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog
Blog | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Blog Where innovation, insight and ideas combine. Home Blog Accelerate your drug development program. Innovate with Quotient Sciences. Dr. Andrew Lewis Reflecting on Scientific Achievements in 2023 By: Dr. Andrew Lewis Read Blog 1 - 5 of 94 results Careers, Philadelphia Colleague Stories: Omer Alp By: Omer Alp Careers, Philadelphia Colleague Stories: Omer Alp By: Omer Alp Learn more Paige Bellis, Bioanalysis, Bioanalytical Method Development, Alnwick, Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Paige Bellis, Bioanalysis, Bioanalytical Method Development, Alnwick, Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Learn more Pediatrics, Orphan Rare, Nazim Kanji How strong sponsor and CRO/CDMO partnerships help streamline orphan/rare and pediatric drug development By: Nazim Kanji Pediatrics, Orphan Rare, Nazim Kanji How strong sponsor and CRO/CDMO partnerships help streamline orphan/rare and pediatric drug development By: Nazim Kanji Learn more Nottingham, Careers Colleague Stories: Yolanda Gibson Nottingham, Careers Colleague Stories: Yolanda Gibson Learn more Corporate Updates Introducing the new Quotient Sciences website Corporate Updates Introducing the new Quotient Sciences website Learn more Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 … Next page Next › Last page Last » Learn more about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Locations Access directions and information about our facilities in the US & UK. Browse Locations Careers See what life is like at Quotient Sciences and how you can join our global team. Browse Jobs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/day-life-process-research-and-development-prd-chemist
A Day in the Life of a Process Research and Development (PR&D) Chemist | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog A Day in the Life of a Process Research and Development (PR&D) Chemist Drug Substance , PR&D , Careers , Alnwick A Day in the Life of a Process Research and Development (PR&D) Chemist By: Max Critchlow Quotient Sciences’ Alnwick, UK, facility employs over 200 people across a range of scientific disciplines, including process chemistry, solid-state characterization, and radiosynthesis, to support the development and manufacture of drug substance programs at the site. Over the past 2 years, the Alnwick site’s workforce has grown by 20%, which was fueled most recently by the completion of a major £6 million expansion of our drug substance manufacturing facility that created an additional 80–100 new scientific and technical jobs. In our latest article, we interview Max Critchlow, a Process Development Chemist on the Drug Substance team at the Alnwick site, to give those interested in exploring a role in the drug substance space some insight into a typical day in the life of a PR&D chemist at Quotient Sciences. What is your background in chemistry? I studied chemistry at Bangor University in Wales, where I graduated with an MChem degree in 2020. Following my undergraduate degree, I began a PhD investigating direct enzyme prodrug therapy at XJTLU in September 2020. XJTLU is a leading international joint venture university in China, based on a partnership between Xi'an Jiaotong University and the University of Liverpool. Unfortunately, given the COVID-19 pandemic and travel restrictions, after 5 months of desk-based research, I had to stop my PhD. This led me to consider other options, the first being a laboratory technician role within a local school in 2021. During this time, I was able to think about my next move with regards to my chemistry career. During the school summer holiday, I was able to investigate various contract drug development and manufacturing organizations (CDMOs) and contract research organizations (CROs), as well as investigating an alternative PhD possibility. It was at this point I discovered Quotient Sciences’ Alnwick site. What is your role at Quotient Sciences? I began my career at Quotient Sciences’ Alnwick site in September 2021 as a Process Development Chemist within the Drug Substance department. My team is comprised of Process Development Chemists and Senior Process Development Chemists, in which we all report to a Process Chemistry Team Leader and the Head of Process Research and Development. We get additional support from our Laboratory Technician, who works closely with the team to ensure things run smoothly on a day-to-day basis. Within my role as a Process Development Chemist, I primarily design and execute synthetic routes to target molecules, with a clear emphasis on developing safe, compliant, scalable, and economically viable processes for the downstream manufacture of intermediates and, ultimately, active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs). My responsibilities outside of the lab consist of typical desk-based work, such as maintaining laboratory notebooks and creating summary reports. I also present written and oral updates on project progress to clients and my colleagues. What does a typical day at Quotient Sciences look like for you? As I’m currently working a 4-day schedule, I usually arrive to work fairly early between 07:00 and 07:30. This is something offered by Quotient Sciences’ Alnwick site as a flexible work option. I start my day by checking my emails, notifications, and meetings for the day. I usually run my analysis, such as high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC), overnight as it’s automated, so I spend time in the morning reviewing this data from my desk. I then head into the lab to either sample or work up a reaction from the day before, and also set up a new experiment I have planned for that day. Once the whole team has arrived at site, we hold a quick meeting to touch base and raise any issues that have been encountered. In addition to my lab work, I usually have various meetings throughout the day. This might include a Drug Substance team meeting, which typically involves a technical discussion on a particular project presented by the project chemists, a health and safety update, a briefing on the group/site and overall business performance, along with a general discussion of any other business. However, no two days are the same, and my role is ever changing with interesting new challenges each day. The one thing that stays consistent is the time I have my coffee and second breakfast! As PR&D chemists, we’re able to plan our time to what best suits us to get the relevant work done. This gives us the freedom and flexibility to perform our best work. What typical challenges do you come across in your role, and how do you overcome them? The main challenge within my role, and shared across the whole PR&D community, is the need to develop a synthesis and process that not only affords high-yielding and high-purity chemistry, but also avoid using traditional, small-scale organic synthetic techniques that are not suitable for scale-up. For example, concentrating solutions to dryness is almost impossible to achieve on plant scale, where the vessels are fixed to the floor. Instead, distillation is commonly used to concentrate solutions, but there is a limit to the amount of solvent that can be removed. Usually, concentrating to dryness is for one of two purposes, to isolate your product or to swap to a different solvent. For the former, being able to crystallize your product is a huge advantage and will allow you to filter your drug substance relatively easily. For the latter, taking advantage of solvent azeotropes or a series of distillations can be used to swap from one solvent to the other without the need to go to complete dryness. Column chromatography, which is a fundamental purification method, is almost entirely avoided when scaling up. It typically uses large quantities of solvent to purify modest amounts of material and requires a large quantity of solid support (silica gel), among other issues. In order to get around this, being able to crystallize your product is again the best option. This not only allows for simpler isolation, but crystallizations in the optimal solvent systems can realize high-purity drug substance, even for upgrading chiral purity in some instances. Stability is also an important consideration. As we begin to scale up, the processing time of the reactions increases significantly, and understanding the representative holding points and stability of the reaction mixtures is vitally important. Finally, it’s of paramount importance that before any large-scale process is undertaken, not only are the general chemical hazards assessed but also their inherent thermodynamic properties and reactivity are fully evaluated. With regards to general chemical hazards, reagent screening and route selection alternatives are considered to identify if certain high-potency, high-toxicity reagents or intermediates can be replaced with safer alternatives. With regards to thermochemical hazards, given that the cooling of a reaction vessel becomes less efficient as we increase scale due to the change in surface area-to-volume ratio, understanding the thermodynamics of the chemicals and reagents involved in these typically exothermic reactions is of upmost importance to avoid a thermal runaway and thus loss of containment. What do you enjoy most about being a PR&D chemist at Quotient Sciences? Overall, being a PR&D chemist involves facing new issues every day, which can be challenging but also satisfying, especially when I solve a problem. As a chemist at the forefront of PR&D, having a direct impact on the development of novel drug substances as APIs is very rewarding. I’m pleased that my work contributes to the company’s overall mission to develop new molecules fast. In my role, there is also the opportunity to discover new chemistry, not only confined to new reactions, but new techniques, equipment, and methods too. Furthermore, I find it fulfilling to present my research and findings to not only my colleagues internally, but also externally to customers. This gives me a sense of pride and ownership with my work, which I think is important. I also appreciate the ability to collaborate with not only chemists on my project and within my department, but also with colleagues in other departments across the business, such as the analytical and manufacturing teams. This provides an authentic feeling of unity. I’m lucky to find myself within a team of colleagues who are a pleasure to work alongside. Everyone is supportive and maintains a really positive culture, which breeds confidence in my role and my future career development. This culture is consistent throughout the Alnwick site and makes for a brilliant atmosphere and energy. I feel this site and its energy is a product of the people within, something I’m proud to be part of. What would your advice be to a chemistry student/graduate looking to start their career in the pharmaceutical industry? It goes without saying, to establish yourself within the pharmaceutical industry and more specifically towards PR&D, it’s essential that you understand the basics and fundamentals of organic chemistry, as learnt in your degree. Within the PR&D team, we often set monthly synthesis/process problems in order to develop and improve our knowledge. You also need to appreciate the problem-solving nature of this industry and understand the challenges of scaling up chemistry. Other ways to begin developing your career within the pharmaceutical industry would be to investigate opportunities to gain work experience, such as summer placements, and it’s likely that your university tutors may have contacts or knowledge of a given opportunity. In addition, a year in industry as part of your degree course is an excellent way to gain work experience. At the Alnwick site, we offer industrial placements for undergraduate chemistry students, which you can apply for in the autumn for the following academic year. Furthermore, keeping up to date with pharmaceutical companies, CDMOs, and CROs, along with relevant publications, can be a great way to understand how these businesses operate and what novel solutions are implemented to some intricate and complex problems. It’s also worth investigating other areas of chemistry outside of PR&D. The pharmaceutical industry provides a huge variety of job opportunities for chemists in areas such as analytical sciences, formulation development, solid-state chemistry, and clinical or commercial manufacturing, to name just a few. Meet the author: Max Critchlow Share: Read more from our colleagues Careers at Quotient Sciences Careers, Philadelphia Colleague Stories: Omer Alp By: Omer Alp Learn more Paige Bellis, Bioanalysis, Bioanalytical Method Development, Alnwick, Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Learn more Nottingham, Careers Colleague Stories: Yolanda Gibson Learn more Careers at Quotient Sciences Careers at Quotient Sciences Join our team in Alnwick, UK Browse Jobs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/how-to-accelerate-your-molecules-pathway-to-ind-and-beyond
How to Accelerate Your Molecule’s Pathway to IND and Beyond | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog How to Accelerate Your Molecule’s Pathway to IND and Beyond Drug Substance How to Accelerate Your Molecule’s Pathway to IND and Beyond By: Eleanor Row As pharmaceutical companies increasingly seek to address areas of unmet medical need, especially for orphan and rare diseases, the ongoing trend of highly potent and complex small-molecule drug candidates continues to rise. With so many of these new chemical entities (NCEs) on expedited regulatory approval pathways, there is high demand for customers and contract drug development and manufacturing organizations (CDMOs) to meet ever-shorter timelines and reduce costs while avoiding common pitfalls on the development pathway. In this article, we talk to Eleanor Row , Executive Director of Commercial at Quotient Sciences, about the challenges facing drug developers today in getting their molecule to the key milestone of an Investigational New Drug Application (IND), what the different drug development functions should be thinking about at this stage, and how an integrated approach can help to accelerate your molecule’s pathway to IND and beyond. What are the main challenges facing drug developers today in getting their molecule to IND? The first challenge in any drug development program is choosing the optimum molecule to move forward into clinical development from a range of potential leads. At this stage, lead candidates will be ranked based on their early biopharmaceutical ‘developability’, in-vitro activity, and ability to demonstrate acceptable specificity and selectivity for the biological target of the desired therapeutic area. Having selected a good lead candidate, the next goal is to complete all of the necessary chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) development and safety studies that will support regulatory approval to begin a Phase I clinical trial in humans. As well as presenting an acceptable pharmacokinetic (PK) profile and demonstrating in-vivo efficacy, it becomes important to show that the candidate drug has a good safety pharmacology margin with an acceptable drug-drug interaction (DDI) profile. Access to increasing quantities of drug substance becomes more critical at this stage and focus shifts from synthesizing small amounts of material from medicinal chemistry routes to the development of a scalable synthetic process and provision of the first kilogram of Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP)-grade material suitable for early clinical development. What should drug substance decision-makers be thinking about at this stage? When developing a drug substance manufacturing process , optimization of the synthetic route is key. It is essential to do this early in development, as changes to the route at a later date can be time consuming and may require additional bridging toxicology studies due to differences in the impurity profile. Designing a synthetic process that is robust and commercially scalable helps to avoid some common issues that can add risk to material supply. At this stage, it is important to optimize the process by minimizing the number of steps (either by telescoping or identifying commercially available starting materials with a robust supply chain), developing simple purification and isolation strategies, and eliminating the use of hazardous reagents or intermediates (particularly genotoxic impurities (GTIs)). Considering the impurities that are produced is as important as the drug substance itself, and by performing analytical method development in parallel to the development of the synthesis, impurities can be readily identified and quantified. This provides a good understanding from a very early stage of development about the fate of impurities and control points within the synthesis. It also helps to reduce timelines, enabling non-GMP demonstration batches to be started as soon as the synthetic methodology is available, along with the initiation of stability studies once material is available to support the clinical shelf life and pivotal data for the CMC dossier submission. The long-term regulatory strategy and identification of potential GMP starting materials appropriate to the development stage is also key, and regulatory starting materials (RSM) should be chosen to allow a sufficient number of stages to be performed under GMP to demonstrate control over the drug substance quality. Changing starting materials at a later stage in clinical development to meet the increased regulatory requirements may cause additional costs and delays, as additional clinical studies may be needed to prove that changes in starting materials do not change the toxicology or impurity profiles of the final material. Finally, and often overlooked during early development, is selection of the right physical form. Making the right decisions early can lead to a more robust drug substance isolation strategy and formulation, resulting in reduced drug product development timelines. Defining the desired salt form (or free form) of the molecule earlier in the project also has the advantage that there is no need to carry out bridging toxicology or stability studies further downstream. It can also lead to a much stronger intellectual property (IP) position. What considerations should drug product and CMC teams be aware of at this stage in terms of dosage form development? Understanding the physical form and the molecule's behavior is key when trying to design a formulation for the clinic. Technology selection is based on the solubility and permeability of a compound utilizing the Developability Classification System (DCS), so the sooner that this data is available to a formulation team, the shorter the lead time to a developed formulation. The use of a relatively simple, ‘fit-for-purpose’ formulation during an early clinical evaluation program is a tried and tested solution, which offers significant benefits in terms of time and expense compared to alternative strategies. In addition, it provides significant flexibility in terms of the doses to be administered during early clinical programs where, due to their nature, dosing regimens have not yet been fully defined. Why is it important for chemistry, CMC, and clinical groups to be engaged with one another at this early stage of development to ensure downstream success? Typically, drug substance, drug product, and clinical activities are carried out by separate organizations, which can be inefficient and costly, leading to poor knowledge and material transfer, thus increasing the risk of delays in the program timeline. At Quotient Sciences, through our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform, we have the unique ability to integrate drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing activities, all under one organization and a single program manager. Our integrated approach to drug development means that process development, analytical, and formulation development chemists can interact regularly with each other from the outset of the project. Data and drug substance information are freely shared, meaning that activities that would usually only initiate on completion of the drug substance program can begin several months earlier. On average, drug development timelines are reduced by 3–6 months in the candidate development stage by utilizing an integrated approach, which translates into significant R&D cost savings. Our collective experience ensures a smooth review by regulators, accelerating clinical trial approval. The overall benefit is a significant reduction of drug development timelines from candidate selection to clinical development, enhancing the likelihood of clinical and commercial success and reducing the overall program risk. What should clinical operations teams be focused on at this stage of the development cycle? As a molecule approaches the IND transition, there are many unknowns that will influence its future success. Success in clinical terms is often linked to early establishment of efficacy, with the current trend to bring patient investigations into the first clinical protocol. However, the practicalities of enabling such a study design can often result in a significant deceleration for the first dose in human milestone, a critical event to confirming real drug exposures, which will ultimately drive the efficacy question. Clinical operations teams should therefore focus their attention on answering the critical questions of ‘today’ in their molecule’s development, with an eye to future pivotal efficacy investigations, but not allow the ultimate prize to delay the collection of decision-making data. How can an integrated program help to accelerate your molecule’s pathway to IND? Drug developers face many challenges when bridging from drug discovery into pre-clinical and clinical development, often having to split their program across multiple service providers. This places the project management burden on them, creates white space in the development timeline, limits knowledge and material sharing, and is ultimately time-consuming and costly. At Quotient Sciences, through our uniquely integrated Translational Pharmaceutics platform, our customers benefit from holistic scientific advice and recommendations. We work in multi-disciplinary project teams, offering unique CMC, clinical, and biopharmaceutics know-how and capabilities all within one team. Projects are data-driven and led by the science. Through tight integration of early development activities under a single organization, we can cut through traditional industry silos, which accelerates timelines and ultimately gets medicines to patients faster. For more insights into how you can accelerate your molecule towards your next pivotal regulatory milestone, visit our page on Drug Development . Drug discovery partner Meet the author: Eleanor Row Share: Read more from our experts More Blogs Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Drug Substance, PR&D, Careers, Alnwick A Day in the Life of a Process Research and Development (PR&D) Chemist By: Max Critchlow Read More Drug Substance How to Accelerate Your Molecule’s Pathway to IND and Beyond By: Eleanor Row Read More More Blogs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development
Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Formulation Development Over 30 years of formulation development expertise, underpinned by biopharmaceutics, clinical data and knowledge. We can support your formulation development needs. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Tailored formulation development for your drug product. Loading... Quotient Sciences’ formulation teams have vast experience and a proven track record across an array of drug product formats for administration via oral, inhaled, topical, rectal and parenteral routes. We are trusted experts in formulation design. Download Info Sheet Over 30 years of formulation development expertise We have more than 30 years of experience developing a breadth of formulation services for small molecules and synthetic peptides, across a range of indications. With expertise in simple and complex dosage forms, we have formulated over 1,500 molecules. Dosage form development and manufacturing Our expertise across dosage forms includes capabilities for: Parenteral dosage forms Intravenous (IV) Intramuscular (IM) Subcutaneous (SC) Gels, ointments & creams dosage forms Rectal Topic Solid oral dosage forms API or formulated API in a bottle or capsule Immediate, modified, and sustained release tablets Multiparticulates, mini-tablets and granules Liquid filled capsules Orally disintegrating tablets (ODT) Oral & inhaled dosage forms Dry powders Solutions Suspensions Solubility-enhanced dosage forms Amorphous (Spray-dried, HME) dispersions Lipidic vehicles \- Self-emulsifying drug delivery systems (SEDDS) \- Self-micro emulsifying drug delivery systems (SMEDDS) Particle size reduction Complexation Your partner in formulation development Our track record in clinical research means we know what it takes to develop formulations across the full development pathway from preclinical to late stage. From fit-for-purpose preclinical and first-in-human (FIH) dosage forms to optimized drug products for late-stage development and market, we work with you to develop the most appropriate formulation based on the physicochemical and biopharmaceutics properties of your molecule. At a Glance A breadth of rapid formulation capabilities With over 30 years of experience, we provide full-service support for small molecule non-sterile programs, from dosage formulation development to GMP clinical trial manufacturing and commercial drug product supply. Identify and address critical formulation issues quickly We focus on delivering the most appropriate formulations, however complex, to expedite your clinical program. We support rapid progression to your first-in-human evaluation and ensure that your lead drug product can be seamlessly transitioned through development and scale-up. State-of-the-art, recently upgraded, US and UK facilities We have state-of-the-art, recently upgraded pharmaceutical development and clinical manufacturing facilities in the US and UK. Optimize the performance of your formulation We have completed more than 300 drug product formulation optimization programs, involving the clinical evaluation of more than 1,000 formulations. Our unique approach to drug product optimization saves time and increases the potential for success by facilitating decisions based on real-time clinical data. Over 30 years of experience in formulation development We have deep expertise in formulation development, built across more than 30 years and over 1,500 molecules developed. Support your formulation development from preclinical to late stage clinical evaluation Our innovative approach to formulation development is based on our proven track record in early clinical evaluation delivering phase-appropriate formulations across the product development pathway from preclinical to late-stage development. Formulation Development Services Explore our services and programs for small molecule & peptide drug development. Formulation Design Access formulation design expertise in a variety of drug product formats. Learn More Preformulation Screening Access our characterization techniques that speed your molecule's development. Learn More Formulation Optimization Rapid formulation optimization saves time & can increase the potential for success. Learn More Analytical Services How do I ensure the performance of my drug product? Learn More Solubility Enhancement Overcome solubility challenges with your molecule. Learn More First-In-Human How do I select the most appropriate first-in-human formulation? Learn More Modified Release Optimize your modified-release formulations. Learn More Pediatric Development Customized pediatric dosage form solutions. Learn More Gamma Scintigraphy How do I design and conduct my scintigraphic studies? Learn More Inhaled Development Developing an inhaled drug product? Learn More Spray Drying Improving the bioavailability of poorly soluble compounds. Learn More Biopharmaceutics & Pharmacokinetics Overcoming sub-optimal challenges for small molecules and accelerating early drug development. Learn More What's new in Formulation Development? Inhalation, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized from Amorphous API in a Low-Dose Dry Powder Formulation Used for Inhalation Learn More Formulation Development, Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Learn More Pediatrics, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/development-stage/preclinical
Preclinical Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Preclinical Studies How can you select the best drug candidates to develop? Contact Us Home Solutions By development stage Preclinical Identifying the optimal drug candidate. Fast. The assessment of a drug candidate's 'developability' is one of the most crucial drug development phases. Quotient Sciences unique integration of scientific capabilities enables us to provide a complete assessment and rapidly identify the best candidates. Rapidly identify the best drug candidates with the help of Quotient Sciences Nominated drug candidates entering preclinical studies often have sub-optimal properties and complications and inefficiencies with preclinical studies can create costly delays. Our expert scientific teams embrace the challenge that is presented by new drug candidates and rapidly understand how to design the appropriate formulation strategy and how to move quickly and successfully into early-phase clinical trials. We recognize it is important to you that we identify developability risks and take steps to mitigate these factors, balanced carefully against time and your financial investment. A partner your can trust for your preclinical development studies We are focused on providing flexible solutions for your preclinical studies. We aim to accelerate your timelines and have an unswerving belief in trying to get medicines to patients in need, faster. Our scientific experts help you anticipate challenges, avoid delays, and expedite preclinical trials with a wide array of cutting-edge preclinical services, including a collaboration with Charles River . Using state-of-the-art technologies in a global network of facilities, we plan and implement preclinical studies designed with your program's goals in mind. Charles River Collaboration Global Locations Industry Collaboration Introducing the Charles River and Quotient Sciences Collaboration By: Eleanor Row & Russell Scammell Read Blog Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/development-stage/early-clinical-phase-i-iia
Early Clinical Development Phase I-IIa Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Early Clinical: Phase I-IIa Trials How can you help our program complete a Phase I/II early clinical study? Contact Us Home Solutions By development stage Phase I / IIa Trials Accelerate from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC). Fast. Loading... You need an approach that accelerates scientific breakthroughs and controls costs, without compromising quality. Quotient Sciences can help you track the impact of new drugs and reach POC faster with innovative early clinical development strategies. Work with one dedicated, integrated partner – no need for multiple vendors Our integrated network of highly specialized facilities accelerate early Phase I clinical trials, we provide you with the added flexibility and proven methods best suited to your specific study. We have over 30 years of experience in FIH studies and have worked on over 1,300 Phase I Studies for customers globally. FIH Studies Global Locations Dedicated to your Phase I study Purpose-built Phase I units in the US and UK 229 beds globally Experienced team of 16 physicians and principal investigators Database of more than 25,000 healthy volunteers UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)- and US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-inspected facilities Industry-leading US Institutional Review Board (IRB) and UK Clinical Trial Authorization (CTA) approval timelines The only partner with pharmacy compounding and GMP manufacturing options in-house Integrated Pharmacy Compounding offers our customers a quick and simple way to start FIH clinical testing, without the need for extensive CMC investment or API consumption. We provide a unique integrated solution with pharmacy compounding and GMP manufacturing delivered in-house. This helps our customers achieve their proof-of-concept milestone faster, saving precious clinical development time and money. This means you can begin your First-in-Human (FIH) Phase I testing with a fit-for-purpose, simple pharmacy preparation, and then seamlessly transition to a Phase II ready formulation for proof-of-concept (POC) all within one organization, Quotient Sciences. Integrated Pharmacy Compounding Our solution means that dose preparations can be made in 'real-time' giving you the flexibility to make quick and informed changes to the dose or formulation based on human data in order to respond to changes in the FIH protocol design. The long-term goal is to advance the molecule into Phase II patient trials. Our compounding pharmacy, GMP manufacturing and clinical pharmacology services are fully integrated and led by industry leading project managers. Uniquely we compress timelines throughout the clinical development phases by working together, without the need for multiple vendors. Info Sheet Learn More Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/integrated-programs/candidate-development
Drug Candidate Selection & Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Candidate Selection & Development We help you select the right molecules for development Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Integrated Programs Candidate Development Trusted expertise to help you select the best drug candidate. Loading... The evaluation of a drug candidate's developability is a pivotal stage in the drug development process. We offer holistic services to help you assess and select the best molecules for further development. Over 30 years of experience in drug development, clinical testing, and drug manufacturing A multidisciplinary scientific team assigned to your project for holistic assessment and insight into the developability of your target candidate Integrated capabilities that offer a faster, more cost-effective route to reach the clinic for FIH trials We know what it takes to develop a successful drug. What is the drug candidate selection process? Drug candidate selection is the process of identifying the best molecules that can be developed into a new treatment for a specific disease or illness. Given the number of new chemical entity (NCE) candidates, we understand that our customers frequently face challenges when selecting the most promising candidate to continue forward into further development. Our candidate selection process involves several stages, including target identification, discovery, optimization, and preclinical testing. We offer an integrated solution for your drug candidate selection that maximizes the candidates potential to reach first-in-human (FIH) clinical trials. Why partner with Quotient Sciences at the drug candidate selection stage of your program? Quotient Sciences offers integrated services for the lifecycle of your drug program, starting from candidate selection through to commercial manufacturing. The integration of scientific capabilities through our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform enable us to provide a complete assessment of the developability of your molecule. This allows us to quickly identify the best drug candidates – the potential winners – for your drug development program. In combination with our agile and adaptive approach to project management, our teams ensure that projects are delivered on-time and on-budget, allowing you to mitigate risks and shorten the time to reach the clinic. Your partner to bring new treatments to market. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we have worked with countless companies across the pharmaceutical industry over the last 30 years. Speak with one of our experts to learn more about our capabilities and how we can help you reach your program's milestones. Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/node/67
Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Card Subheading Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Card Link Discover Solutions Card Image Image Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/formulation-design
Formulation Design Services | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Formulation Design Access formulation design expertise in a variety of drug product formats. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Formulation Design Leverage over 30 years of formulation design expertise. Quotient Sciences’ formulation teams have vast experience and a proven track record across an array of drug product formats for administration via oral, inhaled, topical, rectal and parenteral routes. We are trusted experts in formulation design. We have formulated over 1,500 molecules at all development stages Our approach for formulation design and development has been validated by our experience with over 1,500 molecules at all stages of drug development for our global customers needs. Drug product formats for administration Solid oral dosage forms API or formulated API in a bottle or capsule Immediate, modified, and sustained release tablets Multiparticulates, mini-tablets and granules Liquid filled capsules Orally disintegrating tablets (ODT) Oral & inhaled dosage forms Dry powders Solutions Suspensions Solubility-enhanced dosage forms Amorphous (Spray-dried, HME) dispersions Lipidic vehicles \- Self-emulsifying drug delivery systems (SEDDS) \- Self-micro emulsifying drug delivery systems (SMEDDS) Particle size reduction Complexation Parenterals Intravenous (IV) Intramuscular (IM) Subcutaneous (SC) Gels, ointments & creams Topical Rectal Go further with Quotient Sciences Aseptic Manufacturing Rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration. Learn More Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/preformulation-screening
Preformulation Screening | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Preformulation Screening Characterization techniques that speed your molecule's development Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Preformulation Screening Rapid screening and data to quickly reach your preclinical milestone. Preformulation screening services to take you through to formulation development Quotient Sciences’ experienced scientists can support your preformulation screening to allow selection of your drug candidate for preclinical evaluation and identification of your drug product in early clinical evaluation. Our rapid screening approach uses techniques such as particle size analysis, solubility screening, amorphous content and candidate stability to identify your lead candidates, which can then be developed into formulations for preclinical evaluation as either simple solutions/suspensions or more complex formulations. Reach your preclinical milestone faster Leverage our support to rapidly screen excipients and select appropriate formulations so you can begin preclinical studies in a matter of weeks, not months. We deliver high-quality reports and communication between your team and our expert scientists. You can be assured that the rapid data presented is accurate and interpreted in a timely manner. Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/formulation-optimization
Rapid Formulation Optimization | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Rapid Formulation Optimization Increase your drug product's potential for success Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Formulation Optimization Leverage our expertise to optimize your drug product formulation. Fast. More and more, emerging drugs have suboptimal properties that require formulation optimization to achieve their full potential. Leverage our decades of formulation of expertise and our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for integrated drug development to manufacture, test, and optimize new formulations, fast. Why Translational Pharmaceutics® can make a difference to your formulation development Translational Pharmaceutics ® can be applied to design, manufacture, and optimize new formulations based on emerging clinical data. This innovative approach of combining rapid formulation development and clinical testing is designed to accelerate formulation optimization and overcome the challenges of conventional development methods. Additionally, Translational Pharmaceutics ® allows for the unique inclusion of a formulation design space in initial regulatory submissions and clinical protocols. This means we can provide you with the flexibility to optimize the composition of critical-to-performance excipients and dosage strengths relative to clinical performance. Tailored to your needs Our team works with you to design a customized program to deliver your objectives in the most timely and cost-efficient way. We can apply Translational Pharmaceutics ® to reformulation efforts for new chemical entities, as well as during life cycle management of existing drugs, to help you: Save time by reducing the CMC data package needed for your clinical assessments Maximize flexibility by allowing you to fine-tune formulation compositions Increase potential for success by facilitating decisions based on clinical data Conserve valuable API by moving drug product scale-up from the critical path Support for your formulation challenges For over 15 years, we've leveraged our expertise in formulation development to help customers optimize their most challenging molecules. Evaluation and selection of solubilization technologies Optimization of modified release systems Improvement of taste, palatability and acceptability Development of combination products or changed routes of delivery Understanding quality by design of product and process variables Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/analytical-services
Analytical Services for Drug Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Analytical Services How do I ensure the performance of my drug product? Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Analytical Services Experienced analytical scientists, are critical to your drug programs success. At Quotient Sciences, we pride ourselves on providing the best analytical support, delivering candidate screening, drug product analysis and phase-appropriate method development and validation. Leverage our expertise in analytical testing of products from preclinical to commercial We have extensive experience in the testing of drug products from preclinical development through to commercial drug products including: Preclinical prototype evaluation including biorelevant characterization of your solid oral dosage forms Excipient compatibility to support your prototype selection Finished product testing including purity, dissolution and physical characterization ICH stability testing of your early and late stage drug products Specialists at the microbial analysis of radiolabelled compounds, cytotoxic & high potency compounds and controlled substances. Click here for more information on our microbiology capabilities. Candidate screening Our material science experts have a proven track record in rapidly characterizing API properties in order to support the selection of lead drug product formats for pre-clinical and clinical evaluation: Physicochemical properties Solid form definition and analysis Excipient compatibility testing Amorphous vs. crystalline solid state testing Aqueous and solvent solubility Solid state stability Analytical development We understand your analytical objectives throughout the drug development process and work with you to ensure that appropriate methodologies are available at all stages. We offer support and trouble-shooting capabilities including: Rapid development of analytical methods to support your early formulation prototype characterization including assay, purity and dissolution Development of phase-appropriate methods to support batch release and stability testing of your Phase I and Phase II drug product manufacturing Finalization of analytical methods to support your Phase III, registration and commercial drug product manufacturing ICH stability We offer a full stability storage and testing service that satisfies ICH guidelines for the stability assessment of your drug products. Our fully validated, controlled and monitored stability storage includes: 2–8°C 25°C/60%RH 30°C/65%RH 30°C/75%RH 40°C/75%RH Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Formulation Development Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/solubility-enhancement
Solubility Enhancement | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Solubility Enhancement Overcome solubility challenges with your molecule. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Solubility Enhancement Accelerate the development of poorly soluble drugs, with our help. Loading... Recognizing that poor solubility is becoming increasingly prevalent in drug pipelines, Quotient Sciences has has established a broad suite of technologies and formulation approaches to solve your solubility challenges. Accelerating the Development of Enabled Formulations for Poorly Soluble Drugs using Translational Pharmaceutics® As the number of poorly soluble compounds continues to increase in the industry development pipeline, conventional formulation strategies may not be sufficient to achieve acceptable levels of solubility. Our expertise in formulation development can help you achieve clinical success, even for the most challenging molecules. In our latest whitepaper, learn about the benefits of using Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform of integrated drug substance, drug product and clinical testing activities to reduce the time and cost of bringing drugs to market. Download Whitepaper Translational Pharmaceutics® Spray Drying One proven method of improving the solubility and bioavailability of your drug candidates is spray drying. The technique involves dissolving the drug in an organic solvent in the presence of a polymer. The resulting solution is then spray dried to form a dispersion (a spray-dried dispersion or SDD). Quotient Sciences has a track record of developing and manufacturing SDDs to overcome poor drug solubility and delivery challenges. Over the past several years, we have advanced more than 25 SDD formulations into clinical studies. Using state-of-the-art equipment, including ProCepT spray dryers for up to 1 kg batches and a Niro Mobile Minor spray dryer for batches of 1 to 10 kg, we develop your SDDs using both aqueous and solvent-based processing intended for both oral and inhaled drug delivery. Developed SDDs can be administered either as powder-in-bottle reconstitution prior to dosing or formulated as a powder-in-capsule or tablet presentation. Spray Drying Lipidic Vehicles and Complexes Recent years have seen lipid-based drug delivery systems and complexes become increasingly important tools in the quest to improve the oral bioavailability of poorly soluble drugs. Lipid-based solubility enhancement has developed from the observation that many poorly water-soluble drugs see an improvement in bioavailability when administered with a fat-rich meal; essentially the stimulation of biliary secretion can promote drug solubilization within the GI tract. Lipidic vehicles are designed to mimic this effect by pre-dissolving the drug within an appropriate lipid structure, thus bypassing the need for the poorly soluble, crystalline material to dissolve in situ. Similarly, cyclodextrin drug-inclusion complexes act to improve aqueous solubility by essentially shielding the hydrophobic drug within an interior cavity of the hydrophilic cyclodextrin, thus enabling the entire complex to drive improved oral bioavailability. Quotient Sciences has expertise in the development of lipid-based and complex drug delivery vehicles. We can help you screen for a range of lipidic and complexation vehicles including self-emulsifying drug delivery systems, self-microemulsifying drug delivery systems, single oil phases and cyclodextrins. Your formulations are then characterized in vitro, prior to progression into the clinic. Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/first-human
First-In-Human (FIH) Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact First-In-Human Formulation Development How do I select the most appropriate first-in-human formulation? Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development First-In-Human Support for rapid progression to your first-in-human evaluation. Quotient Sciences’ focus is on delivering the most appropriate formulations to expedite your clinical program, through dosing within our own Phase I clinical facilities or at an external site. Rapid progression to FIH when required We work with you to support rapid progression to your first-in-human (FIH) evaluation where required, ensuring that your ultimate drug product presentation goals can be seamlessly transitioned following confirmation of molecule safety and tolerability. Our formulators’ experience is built on years of work integrating formulation development and clinical evaluation. As a result, our development is based on an understanding of the intended indication including drug products designed for chronic dosing or for pediatric populations. Our breadth of formulations developed for first-in-human studies includes: APIs in a bottle or capsule Solutions Suspensions Tablets Capsules Parenterals Solubility-enhanced dosage forms First in Human (FIH) to Proof of Concept (POC) Find out more about accelerating molecules from FIH to POC. FIH > POC Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/modified-release
Modified Release Formulation Development Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Modified Release Formulation Development Optimize your modified-release formulations. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Modified Release Formulation Development Get expert support for your modified-release programs. Loading... Although modified-release (MR) formulations offer many therapeutic benefits, there are many challenges to overcome when trying to develop this type of formulation. Quotient Sciences has the expertise to help develop your modified-release form, with the insight to support even the most challenging modified-release programs. Download Info Sheet Rising to the challenge of MR formulations The popularity of modified-release (MR) dosage forms continues to rise due to the many therapeutic benefits that they offer for both drug developers and patients. Oral MR formulations are designed to control the rate and/or location of drug release in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. In contrast to immediate-release (IR) formulations, MR dosage forms can offer: maintenance of drug plasma concentrations over a prolonged period to reduce dosing frequency attenuation of drug peak-to-trough ratios to reduce peak-related adverse events (AEs) and improve efficacy drug delivery to targeted regions of the GI tract for localized treatment. Extensive formulation expertise in an end-to-end solution At Quotient Sciences, we have supported more than 100 MR development programs over the past decade across a wide variety of therapeutic areas. We have designed modified-release formulations in gastro-retention, sustained-release, pulsatile-release and other formats. Our extensive background in formulation, along with our agile and flexible approach to clinical and commercial manufacturing, makes us the ideal partner in the development of the development of your MR drug products. More insight about modified-release formats: Modified-release format Objective Formulation technology Gastro-retention Keep the formulation in the stomach for an extended period to maximize the duration of absorption or therapeutic activity Swellable tablets (monolithic, bilayer, trilayer) Gastro-resistant Prevent release of the drug in the stomach and/or upper gastrointestinal (GI) tract Overcome first-pass metabolism or gastric irritation Enteric-coated tablets or capsules Sustained or extended release Extend the in-vivo release profile of the drug or enable once-daily dosing Matrix tablets, coated tablets, or multiparticulates Targeted or controlled delivery Release the drug at or near the intended site of absorption or action Have either immediate-release or extended-release characteristics Deliver time-, pH-, or microbially-triggered release Tablets, capsules, or multiparticulates Biphasic release Eliminate the need for repeat dosing Provide rapid therapeutic effect from an immediate-release layer and extended dosing from a sustained-release layer Bilayer tablets or multiparticulates Pulsatile release Release the drug as a pulse after a pre-determined lag time, designed according to the body’s circadian rhythm Provide a release mechanism beneficial for drugs where time-dependent dosing is required or those that undergo first-pass metabolism Bilayer tablets or multiparticulates Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/pediatric-development
Pediatric Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Pediatric Formulation Development Customized pediatric dosage form solutions. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Pediatric Development Integrated solutions, that meet your complex pediatric product challenges. Loading... The development of acceptable, palatable pediatric formulations is a key feature within the industry today, driven by patient needs and regulatory requirements. Quotient Sciences can provide you with a unique integrated pediatric development solution. Pediatric formulation development Our scientists have considerable experience in developing palatable formulations in the OTC/consumer health care industry and have successfully developed customized pediatric pharmaceutical formulations which have received regulatory approval. Taste masking We have an extensive track record developing age-appropriate dosage forms of aversive, bitter drug substances using a range of taste-modifying and taste-masking techniques without compromising on product stability and PK performance. Taste assessment and PK studies Using our integrated GMP manufacturing and clinical testing platform, we perform rapid, adaptive trials in humans to optimize taste attributes and/or PK performance to ensure clinical validation prior to proceeding to pivotal pediatric trials. Pediatric Drug Development Solutions Find out more about our customized solutions to meet your unique pediatric program needs. Pediatrics Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Formulation Development Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/gamma-scintigraphy
Gamma Scintigraphy Formulation | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Gamma Scintigraphy Imaging How do I design and conduct my scintigraphic studies? Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Gamma Scintigraphy Early-stage evaluation of drug delivery systems in vivo, in real time. Gamma scintigraphy is a proven imaging technique used to visualize the in vivo performance of pharmaceutical dosage forms. Quotient Sciences have over 30 years’ experience in the design, conduct and reporting of scintigraphic studies. Real-time observation of clinical performance We can help you understand the impact of formulation composition, patient factors and human physiology on clinical outcomes. Low levels of a gamma-emitting isotope are included in the formulation during product manufacture to allow real-time observation of clinical performance following dosing in human subjects. Key applications include: oral and inhaled drug delivery Oral drug product performance: Assessment and optimization of modified release dosage forms, including delayed, sustained, pulsatile and gastroretentive modalities Quantification of the rate and anatomical sites of tablet erosion Correlation of formulation performance with pharmacokinetic measurements Formulation optimization for targeted GI drug delivery and local disease treatment Understanding the impact of food on formulation performance Evaluating formulation for local disease treatment Inhaled drug product performance: Assessment and optimization of nasal and pulmonary drug products Understanding the impact of formulation, device and patient factors on in vivo deposition Targeting drug delivery for local or systemic disease treatment Comparing the clinical performance of different devices and products Gamma scintigraphy is also used to study the pharmacodynamics of new chemical entities Concomitant administration of radiolabelled food or placebo systems with clinical formulations can allow the observation and quantification of pharmacological effects. Examples include: Quantification of the rate of gastric emptying, and small intestinal and colon transit; Assessment of gall bladder emptying; Measurement of lung mucociliary clearance Gamma scintigraphic assessments can be included with a standard Phase I clinical protocol, and combined with standard safety, pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic endpoints. Statistics, Pharmacokinetics and Scintigraphics Our scintigraphic analysts provide expert review and interpretation of scintigraphic data, providing both qualitative and quantitative analysis of drug product performance and pharmacodynamic effects during a study. We have designed, delivered and reported >100 scintigraphy studies across a range of drug products. Data Sciences Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/inhaled-development
Inhaled Drug Product Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Inhaled Drug Product Development Developing an inhaled drug product? Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Inhaled Development Leverage our integrated capabilities in nasal and pulmonary delivery. Loading... Quotient Sciences has expertise in the development and manufacturing of inhaled drug products over the last four decades. We support a range of drug delivery platforms including dry powder inhalers (DPIs) and solutions/suspensions for inhalation. Integrated capabilities proven to accelerate molecules for our customers Our integrated capabilities and knowledge of nasal and pulmonary delivery, helps our customers accelerate their molecules from first-in-human, through to proof-of-concept and into full development. Nasal and pulmonary delivery Our extensive expertise and capabilities for nasal and pulmonary delivery include: Preformulation and API characterisation Formulation and process development Inhaled device evaluation and selection Clinical manufacturing and supply (Phase I-III) Clinical pharmacology assessments Processing and analytical equipment We have a wide range of processing and analytical equipment to support the development and manufacture of inhaled drug products: Spray drying Micronization Blending and encapsulation Aerosol characterization Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/spray-drying
Pharmaceutical Spray Drying | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Spray Drying Improving the bioavailability of poorly soluble compounds. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Spray Drying Overcoming poor drug solubility and bioavailability challenges. Drug solubility has a significant impact on bioavailability. 70% of new chemical entities (NCEs) suffer from low aqueous solubility, Quotient Sciences' range of formulation approaches overcomes these complexities. Overcoming poor solubility of drug candidates with spray drying Poor solubility is becoming increasingly prevalent in drug development pipelines across the pharmaceutical industry, with approximately 70% of drugs that enter development possessing insufficient aqueous solubility for adequate and consistent gastrointestinal (GI) absorption. One proven method of improving the solubility, and hence bioavailability, of drug candidates is spray drying. What can our formulation development expertise in spray drying do for you We use a broad range of formulation approaches to address complex solubility and bioavailability challenges, ensuring technology selection is driven by molecule need. Within our technology portfolio, spray drying is an established capability. Our experts tailor formulation strategies based on the unique physical, chemical and biopharmaceutics properties of each drug, working within state-of-the-art facilities capable of handling high potency compounds. What is spray drying? The technique of spray drying involves dissolving a drug in an aqueous or organic solvent in the presence of a polymer. The resulting solution is then rapidly dried with hot gas to form a dispersion, known as a spray-dried dispersion (SDD). How does spray drying improve drug solubility? Spray drying produces a homogeneous solid mixture containing the drug and solubilizing polymer. SDDs improve drug solubility by making several key changes to the properties of the drug relative to its parent crystalline form: The molecule is converted to an amorphous, high-energy physical form, which, in the presence of the polymer, promotes enhanced aqueous solubility, resulting in a faster dissolution rate and up to ten times the saturated solubility of crystalline drug The polymer can inhibit the precipitation of the dissolved drug, resulting in sustained solubility The polymer stabilizes the drug in a glassy state, improving the long-term physical stability at a variety of temperature and humidity conditions Quotient Sciences’ unique solution to overcoming solubility challenges Identify and address critical formulation issues quickly. Optimize the performance of your formulation. Support your formulation development from pre-clinical to clinical evaluation. How can your spray drying capabilities help me? We have a proven track record of developing and manufacturing SDDs to overcome poor drug solubility and delivery challenges. We tailor the development of SDDs towards the specific physical, chemical, and biopharmaceutic properties of each molecule. Over the past 2 years, we have advanced more than 25 SDD formulations into clinical studies. Using state-of-the-art equipment, including ProCepT spray dryers for batches of up to 1 kg and a Niro Mobile Minor spray dryer for batches of 1–10 kg, we develop SDDs using both aqueous and organic solvent-based processing intended for both oral and inhaled drug delivery. Developed SDDs can be administered either as a powder-in-bottle reconstitution prior to dosing, or they can be further formulated as a powder-in-capsule or tablet presentation. Featured Blog Formulation Development, Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Read Blog Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Formulation Development Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/poster-spotlight-api-recrystallized-amorphous
Poster: Development of X-Ray Diffraction | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized from Amorphous API in a Low-Dose Dry Powder Formulation Used for Inhalation Inhalation , Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized from Amorphous API in a Low-Dose Dry Powder Formulation Used for Inhalation Access the poster At the Respiratory Drug Delivery (RDD) conference in April 2020, Quotient Sciences [1] presented a poster describing the development of an X-ray diffraction (XRD) method for the quantification of active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) recrystallized from amorphous API in a low-dose dry powder inhaler (DPI) formulation. Amorphous APIs are thermodynamically unstable and prone to recrystallization over time or upon exposure to humidity, which can significantly affect the efficacy of a product. For formulations containing amorphous APIs, ICH guidelines dictate that acceptance criteria must be determined for the polymorph content of the API. While it is relatively straightforward to identify the crystalline content of an API in isolation using XRD, it is challenging when the API is in a formulation with other excipients. In this study, a model DPI formulation was developed containing a low dose of an amorphous API that is known to recrystallize under certain conditions. To quantify the degree of crystalline API, spiked samples containing mixtures of amorphous and crystalline API in different ratios were prepared. During the method development, different sample sizes and analysis times were evaluated. XRD analysis was performed using a Panalytical X’Pert Pro instrument, with a copper radiation source and X-Celerator detector. Data analysis was performed using the HighScore software. The data generated in this study demonstrated that a relatively simple XRD method for the detection and quantification of very low levels of recrystallized API can be developed and validated. In the future, this will be a useful tool to support the development of low-dose DPI formulations and characterize the physical form of the API. Poster authors 1\. Martin Wing-King, Jason Gray, Yuncheng Yan, Jose Ruiz, and Bildad Nyambura Get more information Find out how Quotient Sciences can support the development of your inhaled drug product . Share: Latest blogs Inhalation, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized from Amorphous API in a Low-Dose Dry Powder Formulation Used for Inhalation Learn more Formulation Development, Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Learn more Pediatrics, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/overcoming-challenges-poorly-soluble-molecules-early-development
Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Formulation Development , Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development In early development, the main goal for a new chemical entity (NCE) is to demonstrate proof of concept (POC) in patients in the most time- and cost-effective way possible. Typically, simple, fit-for-purpose formulations are used in first-in-human (FIH) studies, in order to minimize upfront development time and CMC (chemistry, manufacturing, and controls) costs prior to generating clinical safety and pharmacokinetic (PK) data. However, given the increasing number of poorly soluble active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) in the industry development pipeline, this approach has limitations, especially where enabling formulation technologies may be required to ensure adequate bioavailability. Relying on surrogate tools to predict human exposure presents risks, and there is a high probability that a bridging study to a suitable dosage form will be needed prior to the patient POC trial. This points to a need for a more streamlined strategy for the development of poorly soluble molecules. With over 30 years of experience, the team at Quotient Sciences has established a broad suite of technologies and formulation strategies to address complex solubility challenges, including particle size reduction (micronization), spray-dried dispersions (SDDs), hot melt extrusion (HME), and lipid-based formulations. Using our unique Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform, which integrates drug substance, drug product development, real-time adaptive manufacturing, and clinical testing, we are able to streamline the development of poorly soluble molecules. Flexible study protocols and rapid ‘make-test’ cycles enable optimization of formulations in real time based on arising human clinical data. This reduces development risks, maximizes the probability of clinical and commercial success, and saves time and costs. In this article, we review some recent scientific posters published by Quotient Sciences that highlight innovative strategies to overcome challenges with poorly soluble molecules in early development. "Flexible formulation assessments in FIH studies for poorly soluble drugs accelerates dosage form development, manufacturing and supply for patient POC trials", presented by Quotient Sciences [1] at the American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists (AAPS) PharmSci 360 conference in October–November 2020 Access the poster The purpose of this study was to investigate how the integration of formulation development and drug product manufacturing activities can affect FIH-to-POC programs for poorly soluble drugs. Integrated early development programs were designed for two molecules, based on their physicochemical and biopharmaceutic properties. In both programs, drug products were prepared either by pharmacy compounding of the NCE, compounding of a GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) intermediate, or GMP manufacture of the finished drug products. All formulations were prepared in real time during the FIH clinical study, using arising safety and PK data to inform the drug product selection for the next study period as part of an adaptive clinical protocol. In both studies, an optimized solubility-enhanced formulation was efficiently identified to take forward into patient POC trials – a lipidic capsule formulation in the first study, and a micronized API capsule formulation in the second study. This poster highlights how the integration of flexible compounding and GMP manufacturing within FIH-to-POC programs can streamline development, maximize the potential for clinical success, and save time and costs for poorly soluble molecules. Drug development programs using this approach have been shown to save, on average, 18 months of time when compared to traditional manufacturing practices. “A First-in-Human (FIH) Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Single and Multiple Doses, and Alternative Formulations of R941552 (R552): A Selective Receptor Interacting Protein 1 (RIP1) Kinase Inhibitor”, presented by Quotient Sciences [2] and Rigel Pharmaceuticals [3] at the American Society for Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics (ASCPT) conference in March 2022 Access the poster R552, a potent and selective RIPK1 inhibitor, is being developed by Rigel Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of autoimmune and inflammatory disorders, and pre-clinical data suggested that solubility may limit exposure. The purpose of this FIH study was to assess the safety, tolerability, and PK of R552 when administered in a lipid solution, as well as alternative SDD suspension and tablet formulations. It was found that R552 was generally safe and well tolerated at the dose levels tested, the PK of R552 was linear, and no clinically significant food effect was observed. A suitable SDD tablet formulation for R552 was identified for future patient studies. This poster highlights how SDDs can offer an effective strategy to overcome challenges with solubility-limited exposure. “Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection”, presented by Quotient Sciences [4] at the Pharmaceutics, Biopharmaceutics, and Pharmaceutical Technology (PBP) conference in March 2022 Access the poster The purpose of this study was to analyze pharmaceutical and clinical data from multiple development programs conducted by Quotient Sciences over 16 years to understand the drivers for, and outcomes from, selecting and dosing different lipid formulations. Data from 34 lipid formulation programs were analyzed for the following features: formulation application, Biopharmaceutical Classification System (BCS), and in-vitro characterization methods. Various lipid-based dosage forms were developed, including solutions, suspensions, SDDs, and modified-release (MR) tablets. This poster highlights how lipid formulations can successfully be used for solubilization, enhancing oral bioavailability, and reducing food effects for BCS Class II and IV drugs. Conventional in-vitro testing methods for different lipid formulations are poor predictors of in-vivo performance, whereas our integrated Translational Pharmaceutics platform enables the rapid identification of optimal lipid formulations based on clinical performance. Summary With a strong emphasis on science and innovation, Quotient Sciences continues to research new and improved ways to overcome solubility challenges with NCEs in early development, in order to get molecules to patients in need faster. To find out more about how Quotient Sciences can help you overcome your solubility challenges, click here . Poster authors 1\. Quotient Sciences: Peter Scholes (Chief Scientific Officer), Wu Lin (Senior Research Fellow), Vanessa Zann (Senior Drug Development Consultant), Nutan Gangrade (Global Vice President, Pharmaceutical Sciences) 2\. Quotient Sciences: Nand Singh (Medical Director), Vanessa Zann (Senior Drug Development Consultant) 3\. Rigel Pharmaceuticals: Lucy Yan, Gary Park, Donna Chow, Simon Shaw, David Blasingame, Andrew Chow 4\. Quotient Sciences: Alaa Hosny (Project Scientist), Wu Lin (Senior Research Fellow), Peter Scholes (Chief Scientific Officer) Share: Latest blogs Inhalation, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized from Amorphous API in a Low-Dose Dry Powder Formulation Used for Inhalation Learn more Formulation Development, Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Learn more Pediatrics, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/scientific-poster-spotlight-development-novel-pediatric-belumosudil-oral-suspension
Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Pediatrics , Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Access the poster here Quotient Sciences [1] and Kadmon (a Sanofi company) [2] presented a poster at the European Pediatric Formulation Initiative (EuPFI) conference in September 2021, describing a program that was carried out by Quotient Sciences to develop a pediatric formulation for belumosudil, a ROCK2 selective inhibitor developed by Kadmon (a Sanofi company) for the treatment of immune disorders. The aim was to develop a new oral suspension formulation using age-appropriate excipients suitable for patients aged between 3 months and 12 years, which could be taken forward into a relative bioavailability assessment versus the reference adult tablet formulation. Formulation design and excipient selection was based on literature reviews and regulatory guidance. Formulations with different combinations of suspending/thickening agents, preservative, sweetener, and flavors were assessed to identify the most promising systems. Lead flavor and sweetener combinations that improved palatability were identified in a taste assessment study, and the thickener/suspension system was developed and optimized. Belumosudil grades that had been jet-milled and pin-milled were assessed as part of the development studies, which confirmed that jet-milled belumosudil was preferred in achieving dose homogeneity. A lead formulation was selected following short-term stability testing. Process development studies enabled scale-up of the formulation for clinical trial manufacturing . As a result, a belumosudil oral suspension that met the quality target product profile (QTPP) and was suitable for patients aged between 3 months and 12 years was successfully identified, enabling CTM manufacturing for a relative bioavailability assessment versus the reference adult tablet formulation. Poster authors 1\. Quotient Sciences: Mark Beville, Ashley Willson, Josephine Gray, Nazim Kanji 2\. Kadmon (a Sanofi company): Olivier Schueller, Galit Regev To find out more about how Quotient Sciences can support your pediatric development program, click here . Share: Latest blogs Pediatrics, Orphan Rare, Nazim Kanji How strong sponsor and CRO/CDMO partnerships help streamline orphan/rare and pediatric drug development By: Nazim Kanji Learn more Inhalation, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized from Amorphous API in a Low-Dose Dry Powder Formulation Used for Inhalation Learn more Formulation Development, Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-trial-manufacturing/high-potency-api-manufacturing
High Potency APIs (HPAPIs) Handling and Manufacturing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact High Potency APIs (HPAPIs) Handling & Manufacturing From preclinical to small-scale commercial manufacturing, we have specialist facilities and expertise in handling highly potent compounds and controlled substances. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Trial Manufacturing High Potency APIs (HPAPIs) Handling and Manufacturing Enhancing the clinical potential of highly potent APIs. Today, more drugs in development than ever are classed as highly potent. With over 30 years of experience in small molecule drug development, Quotient Sciences possesses the expertise to overcome the challenges that arise with HPAPI handling. Download Info Sheet Highly Potent APIs at Quotient Sciences High Potency APIs are increasingly challenging Highly potent active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs) are becoming increasingly common in drug development pipelines, especially in oncology research, cancer treatments, and other targeted therapies with greater selectivity and pharmacological activity. Highly potent active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs) present additional CMC challenges due to the containment requirements to protect both the operators and manufacturing facilities. Their production processes may also require greater precision and control due to the very small quantities of drug present in the final dosage form. A flexible, tailored approach to highly potent API manufacturing at state-of-the-art facilities From early development through to commercial manufacturing and supply, we look to tailor and maximize the success of our customers’ HPAPI programs. With that in mind, we have heavily invested in specialized facilities in both the UK and US to provide the necessary containment, engineering controls and personnel protection needed to safely handle these types of compounds and to prevent cross-contamination. Our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities have undergone multiple EH&S safety audits to ensure that they meet cGMP compliance standards and have been inspected by several major global regulatory agencies. Our risk management program includes ongoing environmental health monitoring and surrogate monitoring to ensure consistent control over our processes, facilities, cleaning procedures, and SOP’s. Read a recent blog featuring our EH&S experts, who discuss our approach to handling HPAPIs. Read Blog High Potency Handling Capabilities & Support We offer a broad range of development and manufacturing services for HPAPIs from Preclinical through Phase III/Commercial Manufacturing: API Characterization and Pre-formulation Development Formulation Screening and Development Stability Storage and Testing Services (ICH Storage Conditions) Clinical Trial Manufacturing and QC Release (GMP) Analytical Method Development Clinical Supplies Packaging and Global Distribution Commercial Product Manufacture Development and Manufacturing of Intermediates and Finished Drug Products Containing HPAPIs with OELs as low as 0.001 µg/m³ API Classification In order to protect the integrity of the drug product, as well as the safety of the environment and our colleagues, we evaluate the potency of an API, by following the guidelines established by the Performance-Based-Level of Exposure Classification (PBLEC) system. A compound’s categorization is risk-based and takes into consideration the safety/toxicology data available, which could be limited in the early stages of development, and aligns it with the appropriate occupational exposure range. At our global facilities, we are able to handle PBLEC levels 1 through to 5 dependent upon the type of compound, dosage form, manufacturing process and batch size required. A Global HPAPI Development and Manufacturing Our global facilities offer an end-to-end development solution from early phase formulation screening through clinical and commercial manufacturing. Contact Us Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-trial-manufacturing/aseptic-manufacturing
Aseptic Manufacturing Capabilities | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Aseptic Development and Manufacturing of Parenteral Drug Products Rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Trial Manufacturing Aseptic Manufacturing Bringing our expertise to the development of your parenteral drug product Parenteral drug products, also known as injectables, are a rapidly growing area in the pharmaceutical market. The development and manufacture of parenteral drug products, which are later administered to a patient through injection or infusion, require specialized facilities and equipment to ensure patient safety. Quotient Sciences' has over 30 years of experience in the development of parenteral drug products, from candidate development to clinical manufacturing via aseptic filtration techniques. Contact Us Today Our experienced scientists are always looking downstream Our approach to aseptic development and manufacturing Parenteral drug products, which include intravenous (IV), subcutaneous (SC), or intramuscular (IM) routes of administration, require careful planning, thoroughly trained personnel, and dedicated facilities to ensure patient safety. Our innovative approach enables rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration, with a strong emphasis on environmental and process controls to ensure the safety of your therapy. Customized services for manufacturing your therapy We have the expertise to develop, pharmacy compound, manufacture, test, release, and supply a range of formulations (IV, SC, and IM administration) for a variety of clinical study types, including first-in-human (FIH) healthy volunteer studies assessing safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics (PK), as well as radiolabeled formulations for human absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion (ADME) studies. Utilize our services as a standalone offering or as part of an integrated drug development program tailored to meet your needs. Contact Us Today Clinical testing and manufacturing support At our clinical pharmacology facility in the US, we develop and prepare sterile drug products for immediate dosing within our Phase I, healthy volunteer clinic. This is done at a small scale to support FIH studies. Using Translational Pharmaceutics®, our integrated drug development and clinical testing platform, we can perform rapid “make-test” cycles to manufacture, release, and dose sterile drug products. Translational Pharmaceutics® facilitates real-time decision-making based on emerging clinical data, offering flexibility to adjust formulations within a study. Our integrated approach to drug development simplifies your supply chain, shortens your timelines, and reduces your R&D costs. More Information Aseptic Manufacturing: What our customers say "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/commercial-manufacturing/scale-up-and-tech-transfer
Scale-Up & Tech-Transfer | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scale-Up & Tech-Transfer We can seamlessly advance projects into the later stages of development. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Commercial Manufacturing Scale-Up and Tech-Transfer We will support your tech-transfer and scale-up process. Fast. Quotient Sciences can support you in all aspects of the scale-up to technology-transfer process into one of our global manufacturing facilities. Technology transfers and scale-up require a high degree of cross-functional integration. With detailed knowledge and expertise across all key areas – development, analytical, manufacturing, quality, and regulatory – we will help to mitigate risks and seamlessly advance projects into the later stages of development. Contact Us Technology transfer Technology transfers are not always straightforward, especially if the product and processes are being transferred between different organizations or onto different types of equipment. With fully integrated capabilities and common manufacturing processes across our sites, we ensure a quick and seamless approach to technology transfers. For transfers from an existing provider, or even some products that may require certain equipment or processes, our multidisciplinary project teams will start by gaining a deep understanding of the history of the product. With this foundation, we will work with the customer to develop and implement the product development plan. Scale-up Quotient Sciences supports customers at all stages of development and has a strong track record of scaling up from lab and pilot scale to commercial batch sizes. Deep technical expertise is underpinned by fully integrated departments and a strong project management capability. This enables seamless progression as a molecule transitions through development, with like-for-like manufacturing equipment trains from early- to late-stage manufacturing for scaling up from gram quantities to multi-kilogram batches. Maintaining product quality and robustness is essential. A team of dedicated formulation and process experts support the identification of critical process parameters (CPPs) and critical quality attributes (CQAs). Understanding these factors early in formulation and process development is key for successful scale-up. Quotient Sciences also applies the principles of quality by design (QbD) and a design of experiments (DoE) approach to development. By systematically developing an understanding of the product and process, we help clients to build robustness and quality into the final formulation. Scale-Up and Tech-Transfer: What our customers say "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/commercial-manufacturing/high-potency-commercial-manufacturing
High Potency Commercial Manufacturing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact High Potency Commercial Manufacturing We can overcome the manufacturing challenges that arise with HPAPIs. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Commercial Manufacturing High Potency Commercial Manufacturing HPAPIs present commercial challenges, use our expertise to overcome them. Quotient Sciences has specialist facilities and expertise for the commercial manufacture of highly potent compounds. Optimized HPAPI handling and scale-up at global state-of-the-art facilities Whether you need to manufacture a new commercial product or extend your commercial supply chain for an existing product, we have the capabilities, quality, and experience to help you achieve your goals and overcome the challenges that arise with high-potency active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs) Handling HPAPI challenges HPAPIs are becoming increasingly common in drug development pipelines, especially in the oncology sector, as researchers search for therapies with greater selectivity and pharmacological activity. We are up to the challenge at our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. They have undergone multiple EH&S safety audits to ensure that they meet cGMP compliance standards and have been inspected by several major global regulatory agencies. Global HPAPI manufacturing HPAPIs present additional chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) challenges due to the containment requirements to protect both the operators and manufacturing facilities. Their production processes may also require greater precision and control due to the very small quantities of drug present in the final dosage form. Our global facilities are configured with the necessary controls required for the handling and processing of these types of molecules and we offer our customers a complete, global end-to-end development solution. Highly Potent Handling Experience We are experienced at handling HPAPIs, from pre-clinical through to Phase III and commercial manufacturing. Learn more about our expertise by contacting us today. Contact Us What's new in High Potency Manufacturing? High Potency APIs, Clinical Trial Manufacturing Strategies for the Development and Manufacture of Highly Potent Compounds By: Catherine Wilkes & Robert Alfred Learn more High Potency APIs, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Commercial Manufacturing Understanding the challenges of working with products containing high-potency active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs) Learn more Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services
Tailored Drug Development Services | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Tailored Drug Development & Manufacturing Services A comprehensive range of services and industry-leading expertise for your program Watch video Loading... Contact Us One Partner From candidate selection through to commercial supply, we offer both standalone and integrated services that help you across all stages of drug development. 30+ Years Experience We bring deep expertise in drug development, along with a multidisciplinary scientific team, to your program. Over 3,000 Molecules We have helped leading pharma and biotech companies develop and manufacture a range of treatments, for simple up to the most challenging molecules. Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Our Manifesto Leverage our development and manufacturing expertise, to benefit your business. Drug Substance Learn about our drug substance synthesis and manufacturing capabilities including recent technical and capability updates to our Alnwick, UK facility. Learn More Formulation Development We have over 30 years of experience in formulation development services for small molecules and synthetic peptides. We create simple and complex dosag... Learn More Clinical Trial Manufacturing Tailored to meet the needs of clinical trial design and clinical manufacturing, focused on producing drugs for use in clinical research. Learn More Commercial Manufacturing Quotient Sciences manufactures a range of simple to complex dosage forms, with a track record of working with higher-value products that may require l... Learn More Clinical Pharmacology When you are looking for a partner who is dedicated to Phase I trials and early development, rely on Quotient Sciences. We accelerate your molecule fr... Learn More Bioanalysis Highly sensitive bioanalytical techniques enable the identification and quantification of analytes, such as small molecules, peptides, proteins, nucle... Learn More Data Sciences You need data rapidly to make crucial decisions during a study. Faster data means we can provide our customers with earlier interim data and interim P... Learn More Drug Development Consulting Our consultants have a proven track-record of cutting across industry silos to reduce the time and cost of development. With hands-on development exp... Learn More Drug Product Our consultants have a proven track-record of cutting across industry silos to reduce the time and cost of development. With hands-on development exp... Learn More 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/node/322
Rapid clinical trial design and scale-up | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Rapid clinical trial design and scale-up Move rapidly through clinical trial design and development to have the capability to efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/manifesto
Our Manifesto | About Us | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Our Manifesto We are driven by the belief that humanity needs solutions, fast. Our Manifesto reflects our purpose, our focus, who we are and what we do. Watch video Loading... Our Principles Home About Us Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Where science and agility integrate and combine. We cut through silos across a range of drug development capabilities. Saving precious time and money in getting drugs to patients. Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, and molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Manifesto Story More about Quotient Sciences At a Glance We are a drug development and manufacturing accelerator for the global pharmaceutical industry. Learn More Our Principles Science. Agility. Culture. Inseparable, intertwined, interdependent. Core principles that define us. Discover our principles Our Heritage Since 1990, we have transformed into a renowned, global drug development services provider. See Our Journey Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-study-copper-and-ceruloplasmin-derived-copper-analysis
Case Study: Copper and Ceruloplasmin-Derived Copper Analysis | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Bioanalysis Case Study: Copper and Ceruloplasmin-Derived Copper Analysis 27 March 2024 Home Resources Case Study: Copper and Ceruloplasmin-Derived Copper Analysis Overview A case study on how Quotient Sciences worked with a biotech company to validate assays for total copper by ICP-MS and ceruloplasmin-derived copper by LC-ICP-MS, also analyzing Wilson’s Disease patient samples using fully validated methods. This project involved a biotech company with the mission of identifying, developing and providing access to innovative treatments to patients with rare diseases, with a focus on Wilson’s Disease. Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: Copper and Ceruloplasmin-Derived Copper Analysis Date 27 March 2024 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/api-development
Case Study: API Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Drug Substance , API Development Case Study: API Development Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: API Development Overview A US biotech client was developing combined small molecule and biologic immunotherapy treatments and called on our expertise in API development. In this API development case study, we detail the rapid development of a scalable route towards an analog of a new drug substance, with the definition of an optimal salt form for formulation. Download a copy of our API development case study today and contact our experts to find out even more. Download Download Now Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/analytical-microbiological-support
Case Study: Analytical & Microbiological Support | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Microbiology , Analytical Services Case Study: Analytical & Microbiological Support Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: Analytical & Microbiological Support Overview Our drug development experts helped the UK Clinical Research Unit (CRU), which was developing intravenous (IV) products in need of analytical & microbiological support. To download this case study on microbiology and our analytical services please enter your contact details to start downloading. Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: Analytical & Microbiological Support Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/stable-isotopic-labeling
Case Study: Stable Isotopic Labeling | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Bioanalysis , Isotopic Labeling Case Study: Stable Isotopic Labeling Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: Stable Isotopic Labeling Overview Many biotechnology and large pharmaceutical companies need isotope labeling support for their Human ADME/hAME studies. In most cases, a Stable Isotope Labelled (SIL) standard optimized analysis, results in a more robust high throughput assay. Download a copy of our case study here on stable isotopic labeling. Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: Stable Isotopic Labeling Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/drug-substance-salt-selection
Case Study: Drug Substance Salt Selection | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Formulation Development , Drug Substance Case Study: Drug Substance Salt Selection Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: Drug Substance Salt Selection Overview In this case study we show how our drug substance development experts helped a US biopharmaceutical company that was looking for drug substance and salt screen selection for their molecule. The scope of the project was to manufacture drug substance and screen a selection of corresponding pharmaceutically acceptable salt forms.x Download a copy of our drug substance and salt selection case study here. Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: Drug Substance Salt Selection Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/thermal-rearrangement-flow-chemistry
Case Study: Thermal Rearrangement - Flow Chemistry | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Flow Chemistry , Drug Substance Case Study: Thermal Rearrangement - Flow Chemistry Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: Thermal Rearrangement - Flow Chemistry Overview A US Biotech was seeking to improve the yield and purity of an intermediate using flow chemistry. By utilizing our growing expertise in flow chemistry, significant time and cost savings were a major benefit for our customer. Download a copy of our flow chemistry case study today. Download Download Now Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/radiosynthesis-chemically-unstable-intermediate
Case Study: Radiosynthesis - Chemically Unstable Intermediate | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Radiosynthesis , Isotopic Labeling , Drug Substance Case Study: Radiosynthesis - Chemically Unstable Intermediate Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: Radiosynthesis - Chemically Unstable Intermediate Overview A US biopharmaceutical company was seeking to improve the stability of their chemically unstable API intermediate for radiochemical trials. Our experts were able to help. Successful [14C] synthesis was carried out to support both non-clinical and clinical trials. Download a copy of our radiosynthesis case study today. Download Download Now Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/endevica-bio
Case Study: Endevica Bio | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Translational Pharmaceutics , Peptide Drug Development Case Study: Endevica Bio Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: Endevica Bio Overview A case study with Endevica Bio on how Translational Pharmaceutics successfully supported a novel synthetic peptide product with an integrated pharmacy compounding approach Endevia Bio , based in Chicago, USA, is a pharmaceutical company that is developing TCMCB07, a novel synthetic peptide product for the potential treatment of cachexia. This has the potential to create a new standard of care for millions of patients who develop cachexia every year. This molecule was an ideal candidate for Quotient Sciences’ integrated Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. In our case study, Russell Potterfield, CEO of Endevica Bio, explains how Quotient Sciences has supported their business with an integrated formulation development and Phase I clinical study program, accelerating the development of TCMCB07, and saving costs in the process. Request a copy of our case study today and contact us to find out how we can accelerate drug development timelines saving as much as 12 months in the process with our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: Endevica Bio Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/biochemical-assay-optimization-validation-application
Case Study: Biochemical Assay Optimization, Validation & Application | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Bioanalysis Case Study: Biochemical Assay Optimization, Validation & Application Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: Biochemical Assay Optimization, Validation & Application Overview A UK-based specialty pharma company required a biochemical assay for their regulatory non-clinical safety study, our bioanalysis experts were able to build & validate an assay to measure non-haem iron in tissues. This assay supported one of the pivotal objectives for a regulatory non-clinical safety study. Request to download a copy of our biochemical assay optimization, validation, and application today. Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: Biochemical Assay Optimization, Validation & Application Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/insulin-analogues-analysis
Case Study: Insulin Analogues Analysis | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Bioanalysis Case Study: Insulin Analogues Analysis Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: Insulin Analogues Analysis Overview A European biotech company was developing an NCE to fulfill an unmet patient need. This case study details the required insulin analogue analysis to gain regulatory approval. Download a copy of our analysis of insulin analogues today. Download Download Now Download Now: Case Study: Insulin Analogues Analysis Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/case-studies/dcs-classification-nce
Case Study: DCS Classification of NCE | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Case Study , Formulation Development , Dr. Andy Lewis Case Study: DCS Classification of NCE Home Resources Case-studies Case Study: DCS Classification of NCE Overview A US Biotech needed to determine the DCS (Developability Classification System) designation for their small molecule. This case study includes the project scope and outcomes of the project. Download a copy of our DCS classification of an NCE here today. Download Download Now Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/getting-it-right-early-importance-biopharmaceutics-early-drug-development
Getting it Right Early: The Importance of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact On-Demand Webinar , Translational Pharmaceutics Getting it Right Early: The Importance of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development 1 June 2022 Home Resources Getting it Right Early: The Importance of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development Overview Hear strategies being used by biotech and pharmaceutical companies to overcome biopharmaceutic challenges for small molecules in today's drug development pipeline. Chris Roe, Principal Research Fellow at Quotient Sciences, discusses effective strategies to overcome biopharmaceutic challenges for small molecules and alternative approaches for accelerating your early development plan. He presents case studies related to poorly soluble molecules, drugs with short half-lives, and preclinical to clinical translation. Summary Nominated candidates entering clinical development often have sub-optimal physicochemical, biopharmaceutic or DMPK properties for oral delivery. Development teams are challenged with how to understand the properties of new drug candidates, how to design the appropriate formulation strategy, and how to move quickly and successfully into early-phase clinical trials. Along the way, it is important to identify developability risks and take steps to mitigate these factors, balanced carefully against time and cost investments. Key Points: The importance of salt and polymorph screening and prototype selection for pre-clinical assessment BCS or DCS assignment and developing a formulation strategy for poorly soluble molecules The role of physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modelling and simulation (M&S) for rational formulation design Teasing apart the drivers of poor bioavailability - In-vitro testing / in-silico techniques / in-vivo preclinical studies / clinical assessment Choosing the appropriate dosage form for first-in-human trials Formulation optimization using adaptive clinical programs Watch Watch Now Watch Now: Getting it Right Early: The Importance of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development Date 1 June 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/delivering-human-adme-studies
Delivering Human ADME Studies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Delivering Human ADME Studies Human ADME , First-in-Human Delivering Human ADME Studies By: Iain Shaw The study of drug absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion, also known as ADME is used by researchers to analyze and investigate how the body processes a drug compound. In studies like these, experts are seeking answers to some very important questions such as: Where does the drug go in the human body? What happens to the drug inside the body? The answers to these questions help scientists progress the drug candidate further into development toward regulatory submission. Quotient Sciences has been delivering radiolabelled clinical studies for the pharmaceutical industry at our Nottingham, UK facility since 2006. We have expertise in conducting conventional human ADME studies, intravenous microtracer and microdose studies, and integrated study designs. We have been at the forefront of driving best practices to simplify study delivery while maximizing data output to ensure clients can learn as much as possible about their candidate drug from a study that should only need to be performed once in the development program for any new chemical entity. For a relatively simple study design, such as a single radiolabelled dose and subsequent sample collection, the human ADME study can be a complex program of work to deliver. We have always focused on the need to simplify the process for our clients. Our Synthesis-to-Clinic® approach brings together the key building blocks for successful study delivery in a coherent fashion that the client can understand and work into their overall development timeline. At the outset, the coordination of the synthesis of 14C drug substance and the justification of the proposed radiolabelled dose from animal dosimetry data are critical deliverables. Dosing on the human ADME study can’t be scheduled without an understanding of when the 14C drug substance will be delivered, and that can’t be determined until the radiolabelled dose is confirmed so the target amount of radioactivity in relation to the mass of drug can be fixed. Gaining the necessary approvals for a radiolabelled study is similar to any other clinical pharmacology study. One difference is the addition of the submission to and approval from an Administration of Radioactive Substances Advisory Committee (ARSAC). As such, the experience of our regulatory department, which routinely progresses clinical trial applications through the MHRA and ethics committees, is pivotal in ensuring that we gain approval for these studies in an optimal timeframe. Ahead of submission, our team developed a bespoke drug product formulation for the study. For an ADME study, this is usually a simple solution, suspension, or drug in capsule for an oral drug product - something that is not very complex. However, there are limitations on the manipulation of the drug substance due to the radiolabelled content and restrictions on the use of excipients that may interfere with the subsequent sample analysis for metabolite characterization. It is extremely helpful to be able to rely on the experienced formulation capabilities built up over the years to ensure a fit-for-purpose drug product can be developed, along with the necessary data needed for the drug product section of the Investigational Medicinal Product Dossier (IMPD). Conducting an ADME study in the clinic is straightforward and involves the administration of the drug product followed by extensive sample collection from volunteers. There are strict limits to the number of radiolabelled studies that a volunteer can take part in and we adhere to those guidelines. Typically, a human ADME study will have a main residency period of a target duration written into the protocol. There will also be set discharge criteria and volunteers will complete the study when these are met. During the residency period, we will collect all excreta as well as an agreed schedule of blood samples for analysis. The discharge criteria are usually linked to the mass balance recovery and as such, the excreta samples collected from volunteers are analyzed daily so that we are able to construct a cumulative mass balance as the residency period continues. When the criteria are met, volunteers can be discharged, however, there are always contingencies for extra collections if the criteria are not quite achieved in the target time period. Our metabolism laboratory conducts the analysis of excreta for mass balance and reports results daily, allowing us to generate the mass balance data that leads eventually to subject discharge. The radioactivity determined in the plasma and excreta samples then enables the pooling strategy for metabolite profiling which will identify any metabolites that might need to be fully characterized. The mass balance data will be reported routinely within the clinical study report while the metabolite characterization will be reported separately and appended to the clinical study report when it becomes available. We are often asked to incorporate an intravenous microtracer period into the study design of the human ADME study and these integrated IVMT/ADME studies now represent the majority of the radiolabelled studies we perform. At a basic level, these designs enable an assessment of absolute oral bioavailability of the clinical stage drug product together with the mass balance and metabolite characterization assessments, however by extending the sample collections and the scope of sample analysis and by comparing data across the IVMT period and ADME period we can investigate in greater detail the overall disposition of the drug product. The extent of the additional scope of work will always be driven by the requirements of the client development team and their drug product. The strength of our operational teams is a critical factor in the successful delivery of the studies we perform. The ability of our scientific and medical teams to perform detailed interpretations of the data generated from the studies performed helps in ensuring we can maximize our client's understanding of the routes and rates of elimination of their drug in the human system. Contact us today to learn more about our 14C human ADME capabilities and talk about your next program. Meet the author: Iain Shaw Share: Latest blogs Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism, and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects Learn more Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Learn more Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight on Human ADME: An Integrated Radiolabeled Study of Nolasiban in Healthy Female Subjects Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/how-streamline-development-your-molecule-candidate-selection-first-human-clinical-testing
Streamline Molecule Development From Candidate Selection | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog How to streamline the development of your molecule from candidate selection to first-in-human clinical testing Candidate Development , First-in-Human How to streamline the development of your molecule from candidate selection to first-in-human clinical testing By: Stephen Byard Small molecules (organic molecules with molecular weights of typically less than 900 Da) continue to dominate over biologics in new pharmaceutical product launches, comprising 33 of the 50 approvals by the US Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA’s) Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) in 2021. The continued high level of interest in small molecules presents multiple opportunities to select a candidate that is ‘developable’, with subsequent rapid progression toward first-in-human (FIH) clinical testing. However, there is a high level of attrition during the pharmaceutical research and development process, which is an indicator of the vast number of potential drug substances considered for progression. Therefore, it is vital to choose molecules for pharmaceutical candidate development very carefully. Given the plethora of new chemical entity (NCE) candidates, pharmaceutical research groups frequently face challenges when selecting the most promising candidate for development purposes. With all this in mind, how do drug developers know which strategy and approach is right for their molecule at this early stage? Key considerations in the candidate selection stage The first step in a drug development program is choosing the optimum molecule from a range of potential leads that have been optimized within drug discovery. At this stage, lead compounds will be ranked based on their activity in primary and secondary assays, demonstrating acceptable specificity and selectivity for the biological target that is proposed to be key for the desired therapeutic area. Best practice is to also consider the ‘developability’ of the lead compounds in conjunction with any evidence of potential in-vivo activity, by taking a holistic approach. It is important to assess each compound’s pharmacokinetic (PK) profile and to evaluate the potential toxicity using simple screens such as the Ames test and cytotoxicity assays. Our drug development consultants use our 30+ years of experience in clinical research outcomes to profile each new molecule that we look at. We start by using in-silico modeling of any pre-existing data associated with the lead compounds. This initial assessment helps to highlight any critical data gaps, which we can then fill with small-scale experimental work. Drug substance quantities are often limited at this stage, so we select material-sparing experiments to generate fundamental molecular-level characteristics, which helps to ensure that we choose the correct molecule. For example, to successfully develop an oral solid dosage form like a tablet, the solubility and permeability of the lead compound will have a significant impact on the speed and extent of its drug development program to become ‘clinic ready’. By associating molecular properties with in-silico absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion, and toxicity (ADMET) models, we can significantly increase the robustness of candidate selection, which subsequently reduces the failure rate during clinical trials. By classifying the ‘developability’ of the compounds in advance, we can help avoid formulation pitfalls by designing a molecule-specific pharmaceutical development plan. Candidate selection case study: Progression of small molecule ‘developability’ Background : A US biotech company had identified nine structurally related compounds as potential candidates in an oncology discovery program. Quotient Sciences was asked to select the best candidate based on material science and oral bioavailability considerations. The quantity of each compound was limited to less than 500 mg for the assessment. Program : Initially, the crystallinity, physical state, morphology, and salt formation for each compound were assessed. Subsequently, the inherent equilibrium solubility and pH-solubility relationships, with the inclusion of biorelevant media, were investigated. The best candidate was selected for a salt screen and physical form assessment. As part of this study, high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) assay and related substances method development was initiated. Non-clinical formulation development was then performed across three alternative technologies guided by the Developability Classification (DCS III), including the use of permeability enhancers that were suitable for oral liquid administration. These were evaluated by the client to establish their in-vivo PK profiles. Outcome : Quotient Sciences was able to select one suitable compound for optimization based on material science and solubility determinations. A hydrochloride salt form was selected based on the fundamental physical properties of the molecule. Non-clinical studies confirmed the most effective formulation, with subsequent progression of one molecule through Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) toxicology to a successful Phase I clinical study. Candidate development: Bridging from candidate selection to the clinic Having selected a lead candidate drug molecule, the next goal is to complete all of the necessary and sufficient activities that will gain regulatory approval to begin a Phase I clinical trial in humans. As well as presenting an acceptable PK profile and demonstrating in-vivo efficacy, it becomes important to show that the candidate drug has a good safety pharmacology margin with an acceptable drug-drug interaction (DDI) profile. Access to increasing quantities of drug substance becomes more critical at this stage, and it is important to consider the feasibility of Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) suitable for early development. We bridge drug substance chemistry activities with formulation and drug product development activities under a single organization, informing the candidate development program with molecular-level knowledge guided by clinical experience. We select the appropriate salt or physical form to optimize a molecule for both manufacturability and downstream product performance. In addition, we can incorporate excipients or different counter-ions as co-components to further improve product performance while facilitating formulation development. We use state-of-the-art instrumentation to probe solid-state characteristics and purity profiles of different active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) forms under specific stress conditions, which can be used predictively to further accelerate the progression of the drug substance to a clinically optimal product. Our detailed understanding of the molecular properties and their relationship with bulk properties offers speed, novelty, and robustness with no compromise on quality. For example, as we scale up the production of the drug substance, we will look to characterize the isolated material for both amorphous and crystalline content. By recognizing a thermodynamically metastable state, we can provide enhanced product performance and mitigate the risk of conversion to an undesired, thermodynamically more stable state by establishing tight processing controls for GMP drug product manufacture. We recognize that in the drug development industry, one of the greatest contributors to drug failure in early clinical development is poorer than expected human PK. We can help. With the emphasis on pre-clinical studies to demonstrate an acceptable safety margin by administering relatively high doses to look for in-vivo acute or chronic toxicity, it can be significantly difficult to predict human PK at the much lower, therapeutic dose. The molecular structure, physical form, salt selection, and choice of excipients in the clinical formulation are intertwined and interdependent factors that contribute to the observed human PK performance. Our unique, streamlined Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform tightly integrates drug substance synthesis, molecular properties, analytical methods, drug product formulation, and regulatory approaches with a target product profile (TPP) and clinical strategy. By integrating all these disciplines under a single organization, the unique properties of the candidate drug are matched to a highly adaptive, science-led clinical study design, which has been demonstrated to shorten development timelines by over 12 months, saving more than $100 million in R&D costs. Science-led candidate selection and candidate development The decision to select the right molecule at the end of the discovery phase is a critical milestone in advancing any new medicine. Candidate development involves the coordination of a number of different activities across a number of different disciplines. The speed and complexity of the subsequent candidate development journey to a First-in-Human (FIH) clinical trial is intrinsically linked to the molecular structure and the selection of the right salt, the right polymorph, the right formulation, and ultimately the design of the right product and the right clinical trial. Engaging early in the candidate selection stage with a drug development scientist with clinical experience can help provide a broader, more holistic assessment of the optimized lead molecules. Our unique integrated approach gives customers access to expertise and capabilities that aid in selecting the optimal candidate for moving forward into development. We also have the knowledge of how to holistically translate molecular-level characteristics throughout the entire development process. This approach to candidate development demonstrably reduces the overall time and cost of getting new medicines to patients in need. Find out more about Quotient Sciences’ candidate development services. Meet the author: Stephen Byard Share: Latest blogs Candidate Development, First-in-Human How to streamline the development of your molecule from candidate selection to first-in-human clinical testing By: Stephen Byard Learn more Translational Pharmaceutics, First-in-Human Integrated Development Strategies - Part 1: Leveraging clinical data to accelerate from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) By: John McDermott Learn more Integrated Programs, Drug Substance, Drug Product, Clinical Pharmacology, Candidate Development From Drug Substance to Drug Product to Clinic: Benefits of working with an integrated services provider By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics
Translational Pharmaceutics®: Integrated Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Translational Pharmaceutics® Proven to accelerate drug development for over 15 years. Download Whitepaper Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics A different approach to drug development. We brought meaningful innovation to the pharmaceutical industry in 2008 with Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® – a unique drug delivery platform proven to shorten development times by more than 12 months. Proven to reduce time, cost and complexity for over 15 years. Over 15 years and more than 500 programs completed, Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform is still a proven choice to accelerate molecules through development and reach the market, faster. Download Fact Sheet Integrated capabilities for drug substance, clinical testing & drug product development. Translational Pharmaceutics® accelerates molecules through development by integrating traditionally siloed services. Drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing activities are traditionally siloed. Oftentimes, multiple providers are selected to handle these activities, creating handovers between providers that add time and cost to the drug development process. The Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform allows us to optimize your drug development needs. By integrating those activities, we help you reach key milestones as quickly and efficiently as possible. Understanding the dependencies between drug substance properties, formulation design, and clinical outcomes enables us to enhance development efficiency and help you achieve your goals at each development stage: Bridging from candidate development to first in human (FIH) studies Accelerating molecules from FIH to proof of concept (POC) Rapid drug product optimization Manufacturing your product at commercial scale Image Contact Us Benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics® A faster, integrated approach to drug development. Timeline acceleration by 12 months or more Cost savings in R&D spend Better decisions based on emerging human clinical data Provides flexibility to adjust formulation composition within a study Conserves drug substance by up to 85% Streamlines & simplifies vendor management & supply chain Validated by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development The Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for drug development has been used on over 500 drug programs. The financial benefits and time savings were quantified in a publication by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD). Read The Report What our customers say about Translational Pharmaceutics® Read real insight from small and large pharmaceutical and biotech companies about their experiences working with Quotient Sciences and leveraging our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for their drug program. Ready to discuss how Translational Pharmaceutics® can be applied to save time and cost in your next drug program? Contact us today. Let's Talk Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio Drug Product Optimization Unique and innovative formulations help our customers achieve their drug program goals. Find out about our rapid formulation optimization programs. Learn More Now With Drug Substance Seamless coordination between drug substance and drug product manufacturing results in efficient and accelerated drug development. Learn More Tufts Report Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) compares the savings and financial benefits for drug developers that use Translational Pharmaceu... Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology
Clinical Pharmacology | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Clinical Pharmacology Integrated first-in-human and clinical pharmacology programs that help you make critical decisions earlier. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Integrated, seamless studies. Partner with us to develop your integrated early drug development program When you are looking for a partner who is dedicated to Phase I trials and early drug development, rely on us. We accelerate your molecule from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) , helping you make critical decisions earlier. For any clinical pharmacology study you require, you can expect a fully integrated program , from study design to data reporting. Contact us today and learn how you can leverage our expertise from more than 1,300 Phase I studies completed to benefit your next program. Get Started At a Glance Proven track record spanning over 30 years Our experience spans more than 30 years and 1,300 Phase I studies, including FIH (SAD/ MAD), DDI, TQT, bioavailability, food effect, and 14C ADME studies. Ability to rapidly recruit large groups of volunteers Accelerate your study startup at our clinical units in Miami (U.S.) and Nottingham (U.K.) with industry-leading IRB/EC and CTA approval timelines. In addition, 99 percent of our studies start on time, 98 percent enroll with full cohorts, and 99 percent of our subjects are retained throughout. If you need to access a challenging healthy volunteer population for your study, we rapidly recruit large cohorts of volunteers. More than 1,300 Phase I studies completed Leverage our experience in all dosage forms, and save time with our strategic approach. For over 30 years, our drug product teams have helped formulate compounds and develop scalable drug products to transition customers from Phase I into Phase II patient trials and beyond. Integrated first-in-human and clinical pharmacology programs Our fully integrated programs are led by experienced project managers alongside industry-leading Phase I medical directors who are experts in first-in-human (FIH) and drug-drug interaction (DDI) and thorough QT (TQT) studies. Accelerate your molecule from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) We accelerate your molecule from first-in-human to proof-of-concept, helping you make critical decisions earlier. How? Our in-house data sciences team rapidly delivers clinical data and insights to move you on to the next milestone as fast as possible. Experience and Study Types Over 30 years of expertise to seamlessly deliver your studies with the highest quality service and speed. FIH (single ascending dose [SAD]/multiple ascending dose [MAD]) Relative bioavailability/ pharmacokinetics Drug-drug interaction (DDI) Food effect Thorough QT (TQT)/cardiac safety Bioequivalence Biosimilars 14 C ADME/mass balance Isotopic labeling Gamma scintigraphy POC Pharmacodynamics/biomarkers Japanese bridging Dedicated to the success of your Phase I study We deliver full-service programs on time, within budget, and to the highest quality to meet your rigorous requirements and those of the regulatory agencies. Our purpose-built Phase I units are located in Miami, FL and Nottingham, UK and are UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)- and US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-inspected. Our global capacity of 229 beds and database of more than 25,000 healthy volunteers who can be recruited to participate in your trial. Your dedicated early-phase project manager will provide you with a customized service and third-party management/oversight, and work with our experienced team of physicians and investigators to deliver your program. Learn more about our approach to project management. Access to special populations for your Phase I trial We have a database of more than 25,000 healthy volunteers and can help you also recruit the right groups to meet the needs of your program. Ages 65 and older Post-menopausal Male and female infertility Hypertensive Type II diabetics Asthma Allergic rhinitis Obese Healthy smokers Gastrointestinal diseases Japanese Benefit from dedicated study resources We have the experience and expertise to seamlessly deliver your studies with the highest quality service and speed. If you need a fully integrated solution, including data management, data analysis, statistics, and medical writing, Quotient Sciences is your answer . Clinical pharmacology expertise, including FIH (SAD/MAD), DDI, food effect, and ADME experience Experienced project managers- guiding your study to successful on-time delivery, within budget and to the highest quality On-site pharmacy compounding and integrated real-time adaptive Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing Formulation development for all dosage forms, including oral solutions and suspensions, capsules and tablets, sterile preparations (intravenous [IV] and subcutaneous [SC]), inhaled and nasal devices, topical creams and gels Early-phase data sciences group providing full-service data management, statistics, and medical writing Regulatory support to ensure a seamless FDA or MHRA submission and approval process for clinical trial applications Clinical Pharmacology Facilities Miami, USA Over 650 Phase I clinical studies completed 144-bed clinical unit with dedicated FIH wards On-site pharmacy , with clean rooms for aseptic products 19,000 active healthy volunteers in our database Recruitment for special subject populations Spotlight on Miami Facility Details Nottingham, UK Over 650 Phase I studies completed Clinical unit with a dedicated 14 C ADME ward and laboratory On-site pharmaceutical laboratories and GMP manufacturing 7,000 active healthy volunteers in our database 45 Phase I CTA submissions annually (more than any other UK unit) Spotlight on Nottingham Facility Details What's new in Clinical Pharmacology? Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism, and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects Learn More Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Learn More Drug Substance, Clinical Pharmacology Innovation Spotlight: Will Psychedelics Revolutionize the Treatment of Mental Illnesses? By: Emilie Bergström Learn More Explore Additional Services from Quotient Sciences Isotopic Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Learn More First in human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) Accelerating molecules to POC. Learn More Human ADME Studies How can we simplify the delivery of your human ADME study? Learn More Regulatory Affairs How do we ensure your high-quality regulatory submissions? Learn More Modeling and Simulation We help pinpoint the question you need to answer and identify the data you need to collect to enhance your clinical development program. Learn More Integrated Pharmacy Compounding and GMP Manufacturing We help you accelerate through to first-in-human testing and seamlessly supply drug product into your clinical trials. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/cro
More than a CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact More than a CRO We are more than a traditional Contract Research Organization (CRO). Quotient Sciences provides integrated solutions for clinical outsourcing services in drug discovery and development. Contact Us Home CRO We cut through traditional silos. At Quotient Sciences, we are more than a traditional contract research organization (CRO). We provide our partners with one integrated solution for clinical outsourcing services in drug discovery and development. Innovation through integration Guided by principles and our manifesto we partner with you to accelerate your drug program Quotient Sciences are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator that partners with large pharmaceutical companies and smaller to medium-sized biotechs to move pharmaceutical research forward, rapidly. We are guided by our principles of Science, Agility, Culture. By working together and cutting through silos, ideas can become solutions, molecules can become cures, fast. Our Principles Our Manifesto Our unique offering We take small molecules and peptides from early candidates to drug products through integrated clinical research solutions that accelerate drug development. Our solutions such as our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform are designed to compress drug research and development timelines. Translational Pharmaceutics® is our own flagship drug development that integrates drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing activities. All with one purpose in mind, accelerate molecules through development. This saves our partners time and money in reaching key milestones quicker and more efficiently whilst at the same time, ensuring better decision-making and incredibly streamlined outsourcing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Integrated Programs Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Therapy Areas Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/colleague-stories-day-life-project-manager-quotient-sciences
Colleague Stories: A day in the life of a Project Manager at Quotient Sciences | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Colleague Stories: A day in the life of a Project Manager at Quotient Sciences Careers , Miami Colleague Stories: A day in the life of a Project Manager at Quotient Sciences Suhaills Perez-Carrillo talks about her day-to-day work as a Project Manager at Quotient Sciences Miami, FL facility. The people I work with are what I like the most about my job. As a project manager, I could not do what I do without the continued support of the Quotient Sciences team. -Suhaills Perez-Carrillo Tell us about your role. I work at our Miami office as a Project Manager. A Project Manager is responsible for the delivery of the project to time, cost and quality and for leading the site’s project team. The Project Manager is also the main point of contact for the Sponsor throughout the study. What do you like most about working for Quotient Sciences? The people I work with are what I like the most about my job. As a project manager, I could not do what I do without the continued support of the Quotient Sciences team. I also find it extremely rewarding when I learn an investigational product that we have been involved with is helping patients cope with their disease or condition. Aside from the wonderful people I work with, I like the exposure I am given to other aspects of the research industry. Every day offers new insight into areas such as formulation and manufacturing. What has been the highlight of your career at Quotient Sciences? Having the opportunity to be involved in a full-service study from start-up to reporting at the PM level has definitely been one of the highlights of my career. What advice would you give to employees at Quotient Sciences wanting to develop their career? Do not be afraid to ask questions! Be proactive in searching for, and immersing yourself in, new learning opportunities. Share: Read more from our colleagues Careers, Philadelphia Colleague Stories: Omer Alp By: Omer Alp Learn more Paige Bellis, Bioanalysis, Bioanalytical Method Development, Alnwick, Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Learn more Nottingham, Careers Colleague Stories: Yolanda Gibson Learn more Careers at Quotient Sciences Join our team in Miami, FL Browse Jobs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/intro-to-quotient-sciences-alnwick
Quotient Sciences - Alnwick Introduction | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog An introduction to Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, through the eyes of Gareth Jenkins Site Spotlight , Alnwick , Drug Substance , Bioanalysis , Radiolabeling , Gareth Jenkins An introduction to Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, through the eyes of Gareth Jenkins By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins In February 2021, Quotient Sciences acquired the contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) Arcinova, based in the north-east of England and now known as Quotient Sciences - Alnwick . In this spotlight, we talked to Gareth Jenkins, our Science & Technology Director, to find out a little more about his background and get an introduction to the expertise at the Alnwick site. Tell us a bit about yourself, your background, and what led you to join the business? I have worked in the pharmaceutical industry for over 25 years. My career in the sciences began at Imperial College London, where I received a degree in organic chemistry and completed my PhD on biotransformations catalyzed by Pseudomonas putida . Following a post-doctoral fellowship, I went on to work for several start-ups over the years, which introduced me to Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing and kilo scale-up of drug substance . Of course, at start-ups you wear many hats, so I was able to pick up different skills moving from bench scientist to project management and into business development, which helped me understand all facets of a commercial pharmaceutical business. I’ve also worked in the drug discovery and medicinal chemistry outsourcing space, where I built strategic relationships with companies like De Novo Pharmaceuticals who offered in-silico drug design. Together, we created and launched one of the first G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) targeted set of screening compounds based on pharmacophore modeling as, at the time, very few crystal structures were available for more traditional, rational drug design approaches. I then moved on to head up a not-for-profit consultancy business. We worked with a variety of process groups to provide knowledge management tools to help map out process understanding, identify the gaps, and prioritize further development effort. One of the very first projects I took on was to come to a small pharmaceutical development site in Alnwick, which later became Arcinova, to do some technical due diligence. Having given some advice on how to expand the site's drug substance capabilities, a couple of years later Arcinova then persuaded me to relocate my family and join the team to ‘help make it happen’. How has this site served the pharmaceutical industry since its inception? Radiolabeling The Alnwick site has produced radiolabeled drug substances since the opening of the facility in the early 1980s and has worked on the radiochemistry of over 500 molecules. Over the last 5 years, we have grown the team significantly, teaching them the skills of radiolabeling chemistry and expanding our GMP capacity. Our wealth of experience has really helped our clients by providing expert advice on where best to put the 14 C label into their molecule, considering both the metabolic stability of the location with the complexity and cost of the radiosynthesis route. Bioanalysis The bioanalysis team at Alnwick has developed and validated over 400 bioanalytical assays supporting both pre-clinical and clinical samples. We have invested significantly in state-of-the-art mass spectrometry as our main analytical detector, as this equipment has incredible sensitivity and specificity. More recently, the team helped to develop assays for copper and molybdenum as part of the development of a treatment for Wilson’s disease and has now developed a number of other assays across the periodic table of the elements. High-resolution mass spectrometry has also helped our clients understand the pharmacokinetics of mixtures of isoforms of insulin. Drug substance Until becoming Arcinova, the Alnwick site was focused on pre-clinical toxicology and early-phase formulation development, with no drug substance chemistry. Part of the Arcinova strategy was to establish drug substance process research and development (PR&D) and kilo-scale GMP manufacturing, and combine this with the site’s existing expertise in molecule characterization, formulation development, and bioanalysis to help clients get molecules to patients faster. What differentiation/specialisms does the site offer? Flow technology As we’ve grown over the last 5 years, we’ve recruited some very talented colleagues with experience in the most recent developments in science and technology. For example, as we grew our drug substance team, we recruited PR&D chemists with pilot plant and product experience and chemists with skills in physico-organic chemistry and modeling. We secured a UK government grant to fund our FlowInova™ project , which has helped us to invest in smarter, data-driven approaches to PR&D. This helps our clients by building a process model of the chemistry, which we use to design the best equipment configuration for scale-up to kilo scale – this can be batch or continuous technology, based on the needs of the chemistry. This data-driven approach to development can be found right across the site. We have a broad and deep range of analytical equipment, which we use to fully characterize the drugs we are developing. This helps to ensure that all facets of drug development – from drug substance, formulation development, drug product, and bioanalysis – are integrated seamlessly together. What does the introduction of the state-of-the-art Alnwick facility offer Quotient Sciences customers? This is the exciting bit. Together, there are so many opportunities for science and agility to integrate and combine. As a drug development and manufacturing accelerator, we can cut right across the artificial silos that pervade the pharmaceutical industry. The immediate focus following the acquisition was to look at "How can we fully integrate our capabilities for the benefit of customers?". Drug Substance and Drug Product Integration This will provide clients with a seamless program of work that spans drug substance manufacturing and drug product development, in order to shorten timelines to clinical development. The customer will have the opportunity to work with a single program manager, who will coordinate and manage the project activities across Quotient Sciences sites and be the main point of contact. We believe an early development program that integrates drug substance and drug product activities will deliver multiple benefits for our customers, including: Ease of contracting, project management, and communication More rounded scientific/development thinking on how drug substance attributes will affect downstream drug product and clinical outcomes Better management of critical path activities, time savings, and greater program flexibility and scheduling (mitigating delay fees with separate providers) More efficient synthesis/use of drug substance during the transition from pre-clinical to clinical development Ease of knowledge transfer between drug substance and drug product activities (e.g. analytical methods) Improved management of analytical reference standards Avoidance of shipping drug substance to a separate depot or CDMO provider Integrated Candidate Selection Programs We are excited about the potential synergies, and we will share more news in the months ahead on how exactly our complementary capabilities can be integrated to deliver customer benefits. The plan is to provide a holistic scientific offering to help customers select and characterize the optimal molecules and formulations for development. A seamless program of work will bridge molecules from candidate selection, through pre-clinical, and into initial clinical development, bringing together all of the scientific disciplines and activities in a coordinated way. For example: Drug substance route scouting and synthesis Salt and polymorph screening Pre-formulation assessment and toxicology formulations Solubility and permeability assays Developability Classification System (DCS) assignment Physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling and simulation In-vitro metabolism assessment Regulatory guidance Clinical formulation development First-in-human drug product At present, there are dozens of service providers all playing a part in different pieces of this jigsaw puzzle. Quotient Sciences intends to launch a service that brings everything together in a scientifically rich manner, with chemists, biopharma/drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics (DMPK) scientists, and drug product scientists all working together within one global organization, with the overall goal being to get molecules to patients faster. Meet the author: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Share: Latest blogs Paige Bellis, Bioanalysis, Bioanalytical Method Development, Alnwick, Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Learn more Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Learn more Drug Substance, PR&D, Careers, Alnwick A Day in the Life of a Process Research and Development (PR&D) Chemist By: Max Critchlow Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-completes-million-dollar-pharmacy-expansion-miami-clinic
Quotient Sciences Completes Million Dollar Pharmacy Expansion at Miami Clinic | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Completes Million Dollar Pharmacy Expansion at Miami Clinic News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Completes Million Dollar Pharmacy Expansion at Miami Clinic Miami, FL/June 22, 2020 - Quotient Sciences, a global pharmaceutical development, clinical and commercial manufacturing organization, announced today the completion of a $1 million pharmacy and laboratory expansion at its Miami, FL clinical pharmacology facility. The expanded pharmacy capabilities offer customers a quick and cost-effective way to start clinical testing, without the need for extensive CMC investment or API consumption at this early stage of development. Dose preparations can be made in “real-time”, enabling clients to make seamless adjustments to the dose or formulation and respond to changes in the first-in-human (FIH) protocol design. The pharmacy’s compounding capabilities are differentiated in the marketplace as they are uniquely integrated with Quotient Sciences' broader formulation development and GMP clinical trial manufacturing capabilities at sites in the US and UK. This combined offering helps clients efficiently bridge from a fit-for-purpose Phase I formulation to a patient-friendly GMP drug product for subsequent Proof-of-Concept (POC) trials. All of this can deliver an accelerated timeline without the need for the customer to have to work with multiple vendors. "Quotient Sciences is focused on providing our clients with solutions to get new medicines to patients faster." said Mark Egerton, CEO of Quotient Sciences. “When starting clinical development, our customers have a choice between pharmacy preparations or GMP drug product manufacturing. At Quotient, all options and program configurations are available for our clients, to help them reach their development milestones in the timeliest and most cost-effective way.” The state-of-the-art pharmacy was built to ISO Class 5 and ISO Class 7 standards, following USP <795>, USP <797>, and USP <800> compounding guidelines to support both sterile and non-sterile drug programs. The facility is equipped with the necessary handling capabilities for highly potent and high-risk molecules, supporting a variety of oral and parenteral dosage forms. The pharmacy is located within Quotient Sciences clinical pharmacology facility, which features 144 clinical beds for performing first-in-human and other Phase I healthy volunteer trials. For those with challenging molecules, clients can also leverage Quotient Sciences biopharmaceutics and formulation development expertise including a full range of solubility enhancement technologies including lipidic systems, micronization, spray drying, and hot melt extrusion, to produce solubilized intermediates and final dosage forms. Share: Latest news News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Learn more News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/colleague-stories-yolanda-gibson
Colleague Stories: Yolanda Gibson | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Colleague Stories: Yolanda Gibson Nottingham , Careers Colleague Stories: Yolanda Gibson Yolanda Gibson works at our Nottingham, UK facility as a project manager. In this interview, she shares what a day in the life in her role looks like. As a PM, you sit at the center of a cross-functional team and promote a team-based approach to project delivery through coordinating activities and supporting colleagues throughout the business. When key project milestones are achieved, celebrating that success as a team is a great feeling. -Yolanda Gibson What does a Project Manager do at Quotient Sciences? A Project Manager (PM) is responsible for the day-to-day activities on a project and leading the Quotient Sciences project team, which is a cross-functional team. The PM is accountable for the successful conduct of each project, ensuring that it is delivered on time and to the required quality standards. Ultimately, our goal is to ensure our customers have a positive experience working with us. Describe a typical day in project management. Quotient Sciences is unique in what we do. The fact that we offer a range of CRO and CDMO services means every day in Project Management is different. One day, my focus might be on ensuring that materials manufactured for a clinical trial are being delivered on time, and the next day might be supporting the review of a clinical study report. A key part of the role is being the primary contact for our customers and depending on the scope of a project, there will be daily interactions with other departments such as pharmaceutical sciences, clinical operations, and data sciences. The PM monitors a project every day, tracking progress against budget, timelines, and quality. How has your career progressed since joining us? I joined the company in 2019 as a Clinical Project Coordinator (CPC) with the hope of progressing into a Project Manager role after gaining more experience. As a CPC, I assisted in the generation of clinical trial documents and supported Project Managers with clinical tasks. Quotient Sciences has a well-defined career pathway within Project Management. After working as a CPC for over a year, I progressed through the roles of Project Manager I to III, becoming a Senior Project Manager in January 2023. As a Senior Project Manager, I now lead cross-site and complex projects independently. What experience did you have before you worked at Quotient Sciences? In terms of education, I have a Bachelor of Science in Biochemistry from the University of Leeds and a Ph.D. in Neuroscience from the University of Sheffield. As part of my undergraduate degree, I spent a year in an industrial placement with Eli Lilly, which was my first experience of the pharmaceutical industry. After finishing my Ph.D. in 2017, I worked as an Account Manager for an SME specializing in custom peptide synthesis and antibody production, responsible for the management of sales and relationships with clients in the UK and Northern Europe. Did you require any qualifications for the role you applied for? For the Clinical Project Coordinator role, a minimum degree qualification or equivalent was required. Relevant experience in a pharmaceutical company or CRO was preferred but not essential. What learning or qualifications have you gained in this role? In this role, I became Lean Six Sigma Yellow Belt certified and completed training towards becoming Green Belt certified. Before joining the company, I had a good understanding of the R&D and clinical aspects of the pharmaceutical industry, but I have since learned exponentially about drug development and manufacturing. What do you enjoy most about your role? And what is most challenging? Sharing successes with colleagues and customers. As a PM, you sit at the center of a cross-functional team and promote a team-based approach to project delivery through coordinating activities and supporting colleagues throughout the business. When key project milestones are achieved, celebrating that success as a team is a great feeling. Projects are delivered to strict timelines, but sometimes unplanned or unexpected changes can happen given the nature of the work. Dealing with unplanned changes can be challenging, requiring you to be able to reprioritize work effectively and be able to work under pressure. Being a PM requires a person to be adaptable and have great coordination skills. What’s the team like? Fab! I am based in Nottingham and colleagues across the various functions are generally associated with one of five project teams. I work in Team Fleming and consistently partner with the same colleagues across all our team’s projects. We all have a good rapport, having worked so frequently together. Everyone is friendly, respectful, and helpful. What do you like most about working at Quotient Sciences? The people and the varied nature of the projects. No one project is the same and it truly means you never stop learning (and work never gets boring!) Translational Pharmaceutics projects are my favorite to work on. Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/colleague-stories-interview-adrian-hurry
Colleague Stories: Interview with Adrian Hurry | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Colleague Stories: Interview with Adrian Hurry Careers , Nottingham Colleague Stories: Interview with Adrian Hurry Adrian Hurry works within Quotient Sciences' Environmental, Health & safety (EHS) department in Nottingham, UK. He discusses his carer with the company and what he enjoys the most about his role. I’ve worked for Quotient Sciences for almost 20 years. I started as a Clinical Technician and always felt the opportunities are there to progress as far as you want to go. -Adrian Hurry What does an EHS Specialist do at Quotient Sciences? My main responsibility is to ensure that the workplace is a safe environment for colleagues, contractors, volunteers, and visitors. I do this by promoting health and safety, monitoring areas to identify any hazards, investigating accidents and incidents, educating colleagues about risks, and taking necessary actions to prevent incidents occurring. Describe a typical day in Quotient Sciences’ EHS department. Typically, I would have a set plan for the day, and it often includes reviewing and updating policies or other EHS guidelines that we have at Quotient Sciences, writing and reviewing general risk assessments, COSHH (Control of Substances Hazardous to Health) assessments, and training new and existing colleagues. Other tasks can be unpredictable, like responding to incidents; these could be minor and easy to resolve, or require a formal approach to prevent a recurrence. I also spend a fair amount of time interacting with other departments to seek advice, solutions, and clarification as we are not experts in all fields, so most days are learning days for me. How has your career progressed since joining the company? I’ve worked for Quotient Sciences for almost 20 years. I started as a Clinical Technician and always felt the opportunities are there to progress as far as you want to go. I’ve been lucky to have experience working within other areas of the business and I know if I want to progress further, the company will provide loads of support to achieve this. What experience did you have before you worked at Quotient Sciences? I started my career and worked for several years in the building trade as a plumber. After leaving that profession, I briefly worked with the NHS and developed skills that were transferrable to my role in the clinic when I joined Quotient Sciences. I had no specific experience working in clinical research, but the company provided training to help me when I started initially as a Clinical Technician. What learning or qualifications have you gained in this role? It’s been a big learning curve and I’ve learnt so much in the two decades that I’ve been with the company. I’ve gained a couple of formal qualifications, such as IOSH Managing Safely and NEBOSH General Certificate in Occupational Health and Safety. What do you enjoy most about your role? And what is most challenging? Aside from talking, which I definitely enjoy and my role involves a lot of that, if I had to pick one thing it would be meeting people. Part of the reason I enjoy our new starter inductions, which are our first day introduction and training meetings set up for all new colleagues, is because I get to meet most people that join the company. Sometimes it can be quite challenging to get colleagues to adopt changes, especially to new safety processes, but we're always looking for feedback to ensure that we're providing the best experience possible. What advice would you give to someone applying for a role in your team? Laugh at my “Dad jokes” and you are in! In all seriousness, though, the EH&S team at Quotient Science is a small team, and we all bounce ideas off of one another. Talk to any of us, and we can tell you all about the roles within our team. We work well and actively support each other across all the sites. What do you like most about working at Quotient Sciences? The people are what I enjoy the most about working with my team and across Quotient Sciences as a whole. Share: Read more from our colleagues Careers at Quotient Sciences Careers, Philadelphia Colleague Stories: Omer Alp By: Omer Alp Learn more Paige Bellis, Bioanalysis, Bioanalytical Method Development, Alnwick, Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Learn more Nottingham, Careers Colleague Stories: Yolanda Gibson Learn more Careers at Quotient Sciences Careers at Quotient Sciences Join our team in Nottingham, UK Browse Jobs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/colleague-stories-interview-jordan-dickens
Colleague Stories: Interview with Jordan Dickens | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Colleague Stories: Interview with Jordan Dickens Careers , Nottingham Colleague Stories: Interview with Jordan Dickens Jordan Dickens, Principal Formulation Scientist at Quotient Sciences - Nottingham, discusses his career and experiences working at the company. I’ve had a great career so far with Quotient Sciences with a lot of development opportunities. Some of my colleagues have become some of my closest friends. -Jordan Dickens What does a Principal Formulation Scientist do at Quotient Sciences? As a Principal Formulation Scientist, I support our formulation development team in the laboratory, working on complex projects, and often lead projects with novel processes or technologies. A good example would be my recent involvement in developing 3D printed tablets, or developing an osmotic pump tablet, both of which were firsts for Quotient Sciences. I’m also focused on identifying new equipment to improve capabilities, and I regularly attend conferences to see what’s new to the market. Training is another aspect of my role, not only for the formulation development team but to other teams within the pharmaceutical sciences department, to share insight and knowledge across our functions. Describe a typical day in the formulation development department. As a formulator, our primary responsibility is developing and optimizing drug products and related manufacturing processes. A typical day can vary, and I split my time between working in the lab and in the office. Time spent in the office typically involves planning or executing new equipment introduction and completing any associated documentation, or planning future formulation development work. Time spent in the laboratory is generally manufacturing formulation development batches, either solo or in small teams, and supporting my colleagues with training and troubleshooting. How has your career progressed since joining us? What qualifications and experience have you gained? Originally, I joined the company in 2013 while I was working on my Bachelor of Science degree in pharmaceutical and cosmetic science at De Montfort University in Leicester. After this placement, I returned to complete my degree, but I knew that I wanted to return to the company as soon as possible after graduating. Before I even received the results of my final exams, I was back working at Quotient Sciences full-time as a Formulation Scientist. I had a drive to continue studying, I approached my line manager at the time, about wanting to further my studies, and was fortunate to be funded by Quotient Sciences to undertake further study part-time. I was able to complete a post-graduate, Master of Science degree focused on quality by design (QbD) for the pharmaceutical industry. I’ve had a great career so far with Quotient Sciences with a lot of development opportunities. Before working here, I had no experience within the pharmaceutical industry, so I learned about the industry through a combination of academic studies, industry experience, attending conferences and seminars, and talking with others in the industry. I even had the opportunity to spend the entire month of September 2019 on secondment at our Philadelphia site. This experience was focused on knowledge sharing between our sites, as Philadelphia had recently started embedding our Translational Pharmaceutics® approach into customer projects and there were a few projects that I was part of and had transitioned into the next phases of development. This experience allowed me to gain perspective on the later stages of pharmaceutical development while also helping to provide perspective on the development story of those projects so far. Did you require any qualifications for the role you applied for when you initially joined the company? Formulation Scientists typically have a Bachelor's degree in a relevant science. In my case, I was pursuing one when I initially joined the company, returned to complete my university studies, and came back after graduating. Some colleagues that I have worked with have entered the role by gaining experience first within a related area, such as within pharmaceutical manufacturing or at a pharmacy. There are certainly transferrable skills coming from these areas, then a lot of knowledge is to be gained while working in the role. What do you enjoy most about your role? In my current role, I enjoy the opportunity to train and mentor junior colleagues. For the past several years, I have been responsible for the recruitment of our current generation of placement students, many of whom we have gone on to recruit full-time following the completion of their studies. I find it really rewarding to bring the students in and watch how they mature throughout their year with us. What aspects do you find most challenging? As with any project-oriented business, there are always time pressures. At the same time, though, keeping busy is what makes the week fly by, and I would rather be busy than bored. What’s the team like? Some of my colleagues have become some of my closest friends. The team is amazing and many of us spend time together outside of work. One year, we had a camping trip in the Peak District National Park for a weekend. What advice would you give to someone applying for a role in your team? Be yourself. Personally, I’m always interested to hear about a candidate’s hobbies and interests so I can get a better idea about the person behind the resume, who they are, and what they enjoy. What do you like most about working at Quotient Sciences? The people. Not only within my team, but throughout the organization, you’ll find that Quotient Sciences is filled with great people. Share: Read more from our colleagues Careers at Quotient Sciences Careers, Philadelphia Colleague Stories: Omer Alp By: Omer Alp Learn more Paige Bellis, Bioanalysis, Bioanalytical Method Development, Alnwick, Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Learn more Nottingham, Careers Colleague Stories: Yolanda Gibson Learn more Careers at Quotient Sciences Careers at Quotient Sciences Join our team in Nottingham, UK Browse Jobs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-expands-formulation-development-capabilities-nottingham-uk
Quotient Sciences Expands Formulation Development Capabilities at Nottingham, UK | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Expands Formulation Development Capabilities at Nottingham, UK News & Announcements , Nottingham, UK Quotient Sciences Expands Formulation Development Capabilities at Nottingham, UK NOTTINGHAM, UK; February 8, 2023 – Quotient Sciences, the drug development and manufacturing accelerator, today announced that it has completed an expansion of its early-phase formulation development capabilities for oral dosage forms at its Nottingham, UK, facility. The expanded services build upon the site’s existing formulation capabilities and increase capacity to support fully integrated drug development programs through the company’s flagship platform, Translational Pharmaceutics® . Over the past 30 years, Quotient Sciences has built a strong reputation for developing both simple and complex, fit-for-phase formulations for small molecules and peptides. With this latest investment, the company has expanded its high containment laboratory capacity to support oral drug programs including immediate release, modified release tablets and multi-particulate dosage forms for highly potent compounds. Andy Lewis , Global Vice President of Integrated Pharmaceutical Sciences at Quotient Sciences, said: “At Quotient Sciences, our expertise in formulation development is underpinned by our unique track record in clinical research. Having both biopharmaceutics and clinical knowledge in-house, coupled with our experience from formulating over 1,500 molecules, enables us to accelerate the development process for our customers.” “With these expanded capabilities, we can start formulation development work even earlier for our customers, allowing for projects to start faster and turnaround times to be reduced, which in turn will speed up development timelines. Importantly, the new equipment and process trains are fully integrated with our existing capabilities, so at the appropriate point we can quickly transition drug programs downstream into GMP clinical trial manufacturing , saving our customers precious time in advancing innovative medicines into the clinic.” Mark Egerton, CEO of Quotient Sciences, added: “Quotient Sciences’ mission is to help get new medicines to patients faster and over the course of the last decade we’ve been investing in capabilities to support that. We place great importance on supporting customer demand and will continue to actively increase our formulation tool kit to provide more integrated solutions under a single organization to streamline the outsourcing paradigm for our customers.” Share: Latest news News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Learn more News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-expands-uk-facilities-support-delivery-translational-pharmaceuticsr-programs
Quotient Sciences Expands UK Facilities to Support the Delivery of Translational Pharmaceutics® Programs | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Expands UK Facilities to Support the Delivery of Translational Pharmaceutics® Programs News & Announcements , Translational Pharmaceutics® , Nottingham, UK , Reading, UK Quotient Sciences Expands UK Facilities to Support the Delivery of Translational Pharmaceutics® Programs Quotient Sciences has completed major investments and expansions at its Nottingham, UK and Reading, UK, facilities to support the delivery of fully integrated drug development programs. Company increases laboratory and clinical capacity to meet demand for fully integrated drug development capabilities NOTTINGHAM, UK; September 22, 2022 – Quotient Sciences, a drug development and manufacturing accelerator, has completed major investments and expansions at its Nottingham, UK and Reading, UK, facilities to support the delivery of fully integrated drug development programs through the Company’s flagship platform, Translational Pharmaceutics ® . The new clinical pharmacology space and expanded development laboratories increase the Company’s capacity to conduct integrated Translational Pharmaceutics programs for global pharma and biotech customers. Translational Pharmaceutics integrates drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing activities under a single outsourcing provider to accelerate development timelines and reduce costs. Developed in consultation with the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) and the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the platform employs rapid “make-test” cycles, where drug products are manufactured, released, and dosed in a clinical study in days rather than months. In Nottingham, UK, Quotient Sciences has opened a 17,000 sq ft, MHRA-inspected clinical pharmacology facility, which includes 40 beds with ancillary volunteer lounges, processing labs, a dispensary, and controlled storage. The new facility is located alongside their existing formulation development, manufacturing, and clinical operations facilities at the Company’s Nottingham campus. At their Reading, UK site, the firm has completed a £1.5 million expansion of its early development and manufacturing facility, which has doubled its formulation development and analytical footprint at the facility, with increased office space also part of the expansion. “Quotient Sciences’ mission is to help bring new medicines to patients faster by breaking down traditional industry silos,” stated Mark Egerton, Ph.D., CEO of Quotient Sciences. “Our unique Translational Pharmaceutics platform was launched over 15 years ago and has accelerated the development of close to 1,000 molecules for our customers. These expansions are consistent with our overall growth strategy and in direct response to feedback from our customers and the increasing demand for our services.” About Quotient Sciences Quotient Sciences is a drug development and manufacturing accelerator providing integrated programs and tailored services across the entire development pathway. Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting drugs to patients. Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, and molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Share: Latest news News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Learn more News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-sponsors-2022-nottingham-festival-science-and-curiosity
Quotient Sciences Sponsors 2022 Nottingham Festival of Science and Curiosity | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Sponsors 2022 Nottingham Festival of Science and Curiosity News & Announcements , Nottingham, UK Quotient Sciences Sponsors 2022 Nottingham Festival of Science and Curiosity Nottingham Festival of Science and Curiosity 2022 The Nottingham Festival of Science and Curiosity is back with a renewed vigour for all things scientific and curiosity-inspiring and with a programme brimming with activities for all the family across the county. Celebrating its seventh anniversary, the festival will be running from 7-16th February. The festival is all about providing opportunities for people in Nottinghamshire to be inquisitive, ask questions and let curiosity lead the way! Quotient Sciences, a Nottingham, UK based drug development and manufacturing accelerator, will be supporting the festival once again, continuing its commitment to help the festival get science out of the labs and into the everyday lives of local people. A group of volunteers from across Quotient Sciences organisation have been working with the festival team to develop exciting medicine-related activities for a local primary, FE college and for members of the public. Peter Scholes, Quotient Sciences’ Chief Scientific Officer said “We’re delighted to be participating in the festival and have the opportunity to show our continued support for this important community event. As a local science-based business originating in Nottingham 30 years ago we recognise the importance of stimulating interest and to demonstrate the positive & valuable impact that science has on our everyday lives. Among the Festival highlights is The Curiosity Show, reinvented from last year's Wollaton Watch, a series of five hour-long children’s TV shows broadcast live, 4-5pm on Notts TV, which will feature live science demonstrations, interviews and try-at-home activities, as well as exploring all things curious across Nottinghamshire. The festival magazine is back for a second year with a brand new look, exciting new content and a range of fun activities for all the family. Megan Shore, the festival producer said “We’re so excited to be able to work with Quotient Sciences to bring the festival back out into spaces across Nottingham and we’ve put together such an exciting lineup of activities, especially including some in-person workshops! We’re looking forward to engaging with new audiences, celebrating all the wonderful science happening in our region and hearing what people across Nottingham are curious about.” For more information including detailed event listings please visit www.nottsfosac.co.uk and follow the Festival on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter @NottsFOSAC #FOSAC22 #CuriousNotts \----ENDS---- For more information, please contact Festival Marketing and Communications Lead Jaskirat Kaur Jaskirat@ignitefutures.org.uk or Festival Producer Megan Shore can be available for interview. About Quotient Sciences Quotient Sciences is a drug development and manufacturing accelerator providing integrated programs and tailored services across the entire development pathway. Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting drugs to patients. Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, and molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. For more information visit www.quotientsciences.com. Share: Latest news News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Learn more News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/issx-conference-2023
ISSX Conference 2023 | Boston, MA | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact ISSX Conference 2023 | Boston, MA Boston, MA, USA | 10 September 2023 - 13 September 2023 Home Events ISSX Conference 2023 | Boston, MA Overview About Iain Shaw: Senior Director, 14C Enabled Drug Development Iain Shaw is Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development at Quotient Sciences. Iain has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including more than 20 years of drug development experience. Scientific Poster Spotlight: Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism, and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects At the International Society for the Study of Xenobiotics (ISSX) conference in September 2022, Quotient Sciences, AB Science, the Netherlands Organisation for Applied Scientific Research (TNO), and Pharmaron presented a poster investigating the absorption, metabolism, and excretion (ADME) of masitinib, an oral tyrosine-kinase inhibitor that targets mast cells and macrophages and is currently in development as a potential treatment for neurology, inflammatory diseases, oncology, and viral diseases. Register Register now Location Random Hotel Boston, MA, USA Register now: ISSX Conference 2023 | Boston, MA In attendance General content block. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod. See all team members Dr. Asma Patel VP, Integrated Development Services Dr. Asma Patel is VP of Integrated Development Services at Quotient Sciences. In this role, Asma is responsible for providing scie... About Asma Join us in Boston Register now Related events View all events View all events Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/understanding-absorption-metabolism-and-excretion-masitinib-healthy-male-subjects
Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Pediatrics , Clinical Pharmacology Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects 14 December 2022 Home Resources Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects Overview 'Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism, and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects'. Download our resource now to find out more. Download Download Now Download Now: Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects Date 14 December 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/human-adme
Human ADME Studies | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Human ADME Studies How can I simplify the delivery of my Human ADME Study? Watch video Loading... Contact us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Human ADME Studies Simplifying study delivery while maximizing data output. Loading... A human mass balance/ADME study is required for New Drug Applications (NDA). Quotient Sciences is a leading provider of human ADME 14C radiolabeled studies. Download Whitepaper Human ADME know-how and regulatory expertise The goal of a human mass balance study is to understand how drugs are absorbed, metabolized, and excreted (AME) after dosing. This information is critical as it helps determine if any other clinical investigations might be necessary for a new drugs regulatory approval. Whether you're approaching the end of Phase II clinical development or planning for your regulatory submission, Quotient Sciences can help you simplify the delivery of your human ADME studies, whilst maximizing data output. We have the scientific expertise and operational know-how to design and deliver human ADME programs in preparation for New Drug Application (NDA), Marketing Authorization Application (MAA), and global regulatory filings. Synthesis-to-Clinic®: Integrated Human ADME Studies Quotient Sciences' Synthesis-to-Clinic® approach pulls all the necessary elements required for the completion of a human ADME program together into a single, integrated program of work. We drive efficient development and manufacturing of 14C drug products tailored to the specific requirements of your ADME program — including intravenous (IV) products to generate IV pharmacokinetic and absolute bioavailability data, where appropriate. Human ADME Studies: What our customers say We conducted a 14C human ADME study with Quotient Sciences… We were extremely satisfied with all aspects of the study, including project management, formulation development, manufacture, clinical conduct, and reporting. We would use Quotient Sciences again for this type of study. Oliver Schueller Senior Vice President , Kadmon, a Sanofi Company Our experts Iain Shaw is Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development at Quotient Sciences. Iain has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including more than 20 years of drug development experience and extensive experience with 14C human ADME studies. Meet Iain Our capabilities Our team of experts have extensive chemical and radiochemical knowledge and experience of isotopically labeling hundreds of molecular entities. Isotopic Labeling What's new in Human ADME? Human ADME, First-in-Human Delivering Human ADME Studies By: Iain Shaw Learn More Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Learn More Candidate Development, First-in-Human How to streamline the development of your molecule from candidate selection to first-in-human clinical testing By: Stephen Byard Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/issx-conference-2023
ISSX Conference 2023 | Boston, MA | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact ISSX Conference 2023 | Boston, MA Boston, MA, USA | 10 September 2023 - 13 September 2023 Home Events ISSX Conference 2023 | Boston, MA Overview About Iain Shaw: Senior Director, 14C Enabled Drug Development Iain Shaw is Senior Director of 14C Enabled Drug Development at Quotient Sciences. Iain has over 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, including more than 20 years of drug development experience. Scientific Poster Spotlight: Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism, and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects At the International Society for the Study of Xenobiotics (ISSX) conference in September 2022, Quotient Sciences, AB Science, the Netherlands Organisation for Applied Scientific Research (TNO), and Pharmaron presented a poster investigating the absorption, metabolism, and excretion (ADME) of masitinib, an oral tyrosine-kinase inhibitor that targets mast cells and macrophages and is currently in development as a potential treatment for neurology, inflammatory diseases, oncology, and viral diseases. Register Register now Location Random Hotel Boston, MA, USA Register now: ISSX Conference 2023 | Boston, MA In attendance General content block. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consetetur sadipscing elitr, sed diam nonumy eirmod. See all team members Dr. Asma Patel VP, Integrated Development Services Dr. Asma Patel is VP of Integrated Development Services at Quotient Sciences. In this role, Asma is responsible for providing scie... About Asma Join us in Boston Register now Related events View all events View all events Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/decade-human-adme-quotient-sciences-reviewing-key-study-design-variables-and-outcomes
A Decade Of Human ADME | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Iain Shaw , Human ADME , Clinical Pharmacology A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes 14 December 2022 Home Resources A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Overview Download 'A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes' from Quotient Sciences to find out more. Download Download Now Download Now: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Date 14 December 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/integrated-drug-development-strategies-part-1
Integrated Development Strategies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Integrated Development Strategies - Part 1: Leveraging clinical data to accelerate from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) Translational Pharmaceutics , First-in-Human Integrated Development Strategies - Part 1: Leveraging clinical data to accelerate from first-in-human (FIH) to proof of concept (POC) By: John McDermott In pharmaceutical research and development today, record numbers of molecules are entering clinical development, yet molecule attrition is increasing, especially in Phase II where efficacy is first assessed. Key opinion leaders within the industry recommend that clinical investigations to find out whether a molecule is efficacious take place as early as possible. Techniques such as incorporating biomarkers and conducting combined Phase Ia/Ib studies can help to address this. However, these changes in study design do not address the underlying productivity limitations in the way industry supports early clinical development. Pharmaceutical research and development organizations (small to mid-size biotech companies) are structured into functional silos, broadly reflecting the structure of legacy large pharmaceutical companies, with drug substance and drug product teams separate to clinical development teams. This structure is also reflected in outsourcing organizations and has resulted in the formation of separate contract development and manufacturing organizations (CDMOs) and contract research organizations (CROs). To conduct an early development program, teams need to develop formulations, either manufacture a drug product or establish pharmacy compounding methods, and provide material to a separate clinical site for dosing. Where a manufactured drug product is applied, it must be available in sufficient dose strengths, be manufactured at sufficient scale, and have sufficient stability to complete the clinical trial before the product expires, ideally without resupplies. This adds considerable development time and cost to an early development program. The implications are even more significant where a candidate molecule may have sub-optimal physicochemical or biopharmaceutic properties. The global pharmaceutical industry today has a pipeline of molecules that are inherently difficult to formulate, with approximately 70–80% of new chemical entities (NCE's) considered poorly soluble and requiring formulation technology to improve the chances of success. Integrated development strategies for FIH While innovation can occur under this siloed structure, productivity challenges remain unless an integrated development approach is used. Quotient Sciences can address this with fully integrated drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing services, all within one organization, with our unique Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform. With Translational Pharmaceutics®, drug product is manufactured within days of clinical dosing, minimizing the amount of drug product stability data required (on average 7–14 days) to achieve authorization to run the clinical study. Batch sizes are limited to the amount required to support the immediate clinical need, so the large overages required to support conventional supply chains are removed. This is all achieved under the oversight of a single, multi-disciplinary project manager. Translational Pharmaceutics® allows the adoption of an adaptive chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) strategy and an adaptive clinical protocol to maximize the potential for success in Phase I trials. Clinical data from one study period or cohort determines the formulation composition manufactured and dosed in the next. Within a typical FIH program, where single and multiple ascending doses are administered, the required treatments are achieved using multiples of unit doses manufactured by an external CDMO. In contrast, Translational Pharmaceutics® allows the adaption of the drug product in real-time to deliver a tailored product to meet clinical requirements, minimizing the need to take large quantities of tablets or capsules. This drug product adaption typically comprises a modification in dose during Phase I ascending-dose trials, but it can also be used to switch to an alternative drug product formulation that may be more appropriate for patient administration (for example, changing a suspension to a capsule formulation) or could involve moving to an enabled formulation to respond to emerging drug solubility challenges. Data from Translational Pharmaceutics® programs analyzed by Joseph DiMasi of the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) conclude that this integration alone has the potential to save over 12 months from the development timeline. FIH case study JNJ-38877618, a highly selective c-Met tyrosine kinase inhibitor with significant in-vivo anti-tumor activity, was nominated for advancement to FIH trials, which could be conducted in healthy volunteers due to its favorable pre-clinical profile. A key study goal was to commence dosing of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, FIH trial as quickly as possible, with a formulation that supported immediate progression to ambulatory clinical trials. A solution formulation with excellent pre-clinical bioavailability was applied to allow for rapid study start-up. However, that solution formulation was not anticipated to be suitable for longer-term ambulatory trials, so two capsule formulations, based upon a spray-dried dispersion of the drug, were incorporated into the trial. The CMC package for the trial included batch analysis and a 7-day stability dataset from demonstration batches of each product, with an option to extend shelf life as further stability data emerged. Dosing commenced using the solution formulation given the high confidence in achieving human bioavailability, and once initial human safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics had been established, a formulation selection was conducted by evaluating the two capsule formulations against the solution formulation in separate cohorts of subjects at the same dose level. This data allowed for the selection of the optimal unit dose formulation to complete single-ascending-dose and multiple-ascending-dose assessments, which continued to be manufactured in real-time under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. The use of a Translational Pharmaceutics® approach enabled Janssen to advance their FIH program from the start of laboratory work to completion of the clinical study in less than 10 months. Efficient, real-time, adaptive GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) manufacturing of the drug product allowed rapid study start-up by minimizing drug product stability timeframe requirements. A flexible protocol design and adaptive CMC strategies enabled the selection of the drug product to be applied in Phase II, and the assessment of dosing regimens and food effects within a single protocol, avoiding the need for a separate bioavailability study. Integrated strategies to support POC studies The strategies described so far have focused on accelerating evaluations in healthy volunteers to demonstrate safety, tolerability, and human drug exposures using Translational Pharmaceutics®. However, further benefits can be achieved by maintaining integration when transitioning to POC studies, using manufacturing experience established during the healthy volunteer phase to supply drug product to patient sites. In one such example, a sponsor was developing a new chemical entity (NCE) for an orphan disease and applied Translational Pharmaceutics® to deliver the FIH trial. As a rare disease, however, patient recruitment rates were unpredictable and required the establishment of multiple potential clinical centres globally. Quotient Sciences continued to support drug product manufacture in real-time as patients were recruited, ensuring seamless drug product supply without the need to transfer the manufacturing process to another partner. Conclusions The pharmaceutical industry is constrained by a legacy structure that extends the time to transition a new molecule from candidate selection to FIH, and through early clinical studies to POC. An integrated service provider can shorten timelines to POC by over 12 months by: identifying the right formulation approach for the drug supporting early development studies using Translational Pharmaceutics® to: minimize the amount of drug product stability data required to get the study running focus manufacturing activity on drug product needed to dose remove the need for large-scale drug product manufacturing support transition to patient-appropriate formulations providing a seamless transition to supply of drug product for global POC studies. For more information about Quotient Sciences’ fully integrated Translational Pharmaceutics® platform, click here . Meet the author: John McDermott Share: Latest blogs Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Learn more Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Vanessa Zann Scientific Poster Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/balancing-risk-when-choosing-phase-i-dosage-forms
Choosing dosage forms for Phase I trials | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Balancing time, cost and development risk when choosing the appropriate dosage form for your first-in-human Phase I trials Formulation Development , Healthy Volunteer Trials , First-in-Human , Human ADME Balancing time, cost and development risk when choosing the appropriate dosage form for your first-in-human Phase I trials By: Dr. Peter Scholes Amidst escalating development costs, increased molecule attrition, and reduced R&D productivity the general philosophy in the last decade for first-in-human (FIH) studies has been to “go simple” and use rudimentary fit-for-purpose/phase formulations. A major benefit of this strategy is to minimize the upfront CMC investment, which (in theory) will reduce the time and cost of generating initial clinical data to characterize safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics. As such, many FIH drug products are therefore simple formats, such as solutions, suspensions, powder-in-bottle, or powder-in-capsule, which require minimal development investments and can be prepared in a compounding pharmacy or basic manufacturing or dispensing processes. There are, however, some risks, which challenge the validity of a simple fit-for-purpose/phase philosophy in the context of today’s drug development priorities. First, most new chemical entities (NCEs) today present significant biopharmaceutics challenges, such as poor solubility, which greatly affect drug delivery success 1 . Formulation technologies and GMP manufacturing operations are frequently needed to develop enhanced dosage forms for optimal delivery and bioavailability of the drug in the clinical study. Secondly, the major value inflection point in early development is not the speed at which you achieve FIH, but rather the time it takes to get to proof-of-concept (POC) in a patient population. Simple FIH formulations will typically not “have the legs” to be utilized in early patient studies – where a suitable solid oral dosage form is required. This presents a number of hurdles for the development team to manage; extra time, increased cost, and the technical risks associated with product development. In other words the current development model is self-contradicting – by “kicking the formulation can down the road” the time, cost, and flexibility benefits of the FIH trial are countered by the delays and risks in achieving an accelerated POC milestone. A new approach is therefore needed – how can we achieve accelerated timelines while still managing CMC investments and mitigating development risk? We believe the answer lies in retaining a relentless focus on good science and program integration, which includes: Understanding the biopharmaceutics properties and risks of NCEs Using the Developability Classification System (DCS) to inform formulation strategy and technology selection 2 Leveraging in silico and biorelevant in vitro characterization methodologies to simulate and predict the clinical performance of molecules and formulations Retaining simplicity for FIH drug products, using pharmacy compounding or basic manufacturing processes, but using enabled GMP intermediates if needed (e.g. spray-dried dispersions (SDDs), micronized drugs) to ensure adequate bioavailability Look to evaluate different formulation technologies and dosage forms within the FIH study or in parallel to select a lead system to move forward Exiting the FIH study having already developed a clinically proven solid oral drug product for patient trials Seamlessly start Phase II trials on time with an immediate supply of clinical trial material This new model is not conceptual. Quotient Sciences has been designing and performing these programs for pharma and biotech customers for over a decade with integrated pharmacy compounding, GMP manufacturing, and clinical pharmacology operations. A Tufts CSDD research paper has described how Quotient Sciences' Translational Pharmaceutics® platform has been used to significantly accelerate FIH-POC programs. This approach can save on average 15 months of development time for POC, equating to reduced R&D costs of $135m and an overall financial gain for molecules reaching the market of over $250m. In today’s world, proven early drug development strategies are now available to reach both the FIH and POC milestones quickly and cost-effectively. It doesn’t have to be one or the other. References: 1\. Kalepu S, Nekkanti V “Insoluble drug delivery strategies: review of recent advances and business prospects”. Acta Pharm Sin B. 2015;5(5):442–453 2\. Butler JM, Dressman JB “The developability classification system: application of biopharmaceutics concepts to formulation development.” J Pharm Sci 2010 Dec;99(12):4940-54 Meet the author: Dr. Peter Scholes Share: Latest blogs Inhalation, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized from Amorphous API in a Low-Dose Dry Powder Formulation Used for Inhalation Learn more Formulation Development, Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Learn more Pediatrics, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-completes-qualification-gastroplusr-pbpk-modeling-software
Quotient Sciences Completes Qualification of GastroPlus® PBPK Modeling Software | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Completes Qualification of GastroPlus® PBPK Modeling Software News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Completes Qualification of GastroPlus® PBPK Modeling Software Quotient Sciences’ Modeling and Simulation (M&S) team has recently completed qualification of GastroPlus, the software they use for physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling. This 2-year project reflects Quotient Sciences’ commitment to conducting high-quality modeling work with regard to data integrity. In addition, this work proactively takes into account recently issued regulatory draft guidelines by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and European Medicines Agency (EMA) around the conduct and reporting of PBPK modeling. At Quotient Sciences, GastroPlus is routinely used to simulate dissolution and absorption processes and drug pharmacokinetics, in support of both integrated Translational Pharmaceutics® programs and as a stand-alone consultative service. The output from GastroPlus may be used to inform key formulation and clinical development decisions. The GastroPlus qualification project involved collating and preparing data, building a GastroPlus database, executing drug records within the database, and analyzing the model output and performance. In total, 100 database records with a variety of different properties were compiled, and five instances of the software across different machines were evaluated. Overall, the performance of GastroPlus was shown to be qualified to predict real-life scenarios and provide reproducibility across machines. Sarah Stevens, Senior Vice President and Head of Early Development at Quotient Sciences, said, “We are delighted that the qualification of GastroPlus has been successfully completed. This important project will ensure that we continue to produce high-quality modeling data that aids in critical formulation decision-making, in order to best support our customers’ drug development programs.” Quotient Sciences will be presenting on this project at the upcoming Pharmacokinetics UK (PKUK) conference in Canterbury Cathedral, UK, on November 2-4, where Kevser Sevim (Modeling and Simulation Research Fellow) and Alison Wilby (Director of Modeling and Simulation) will be presenting a poster entitled “Qualification of GastroPlus® Physiologically-Based Pharmacokinetic (PBPK) Modelling Software to Support Decision Making in Clinical Development”. Get more information on Quotient Sciences’ Modeling and Simulation services . GastroPlus® is a registered trademark of Simulations Plus . Share: Latest news News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Learn more News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/accelerating-oncology-clinical-trials-translational-pharmaceutics
Accelerating Your Oncology Clinical Trials with Translational Pharmaceutics | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials Oncology , Translational Pharmaceutics , Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Paul Quigley, Principal Research Fellow, Drug Substance, highlights how pharma and biotech companies can leverage integrated services to expedite the clinical trial process for oncology small molecule therapeutics. The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that cancer accounted for nearly 10 million deaths in 2020 with the most common cancers occurring in the breast, lung, colon/rectum, and prostate. The growing demand for new and improved treatments is clear, as is the need to streamline oncology drug development so new treatments can reach those in need, faster. The limited effectiveness of existing oncology drugs requires novel approaches to accelerate the clinical trial process. Accelerated approval pathways, which allow the NDA application process to commence from Phase II onwards, require the early submission of a high-quality chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) package. This push to expedite timelines only increases the risk of commercializing a drug substance and drug product production process that is not fully optimized or scalable. Over the past 15 years, the Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform has been able to remove extra time and steps from the oncology drug development process for global pharma and biotech customers. Translational Pharmaceutics ® consolidates drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing within a single organization and program to help reduce the burden of outsourcing, ensuring a phased, resource-efficient approach to clinical trials. We can help ensure the scalability of both the drug substance and the optimal drug product, with the ability to modify dosage forms for additional areas of need, such as pediatric patients. Once toxicology data becomes available, we swiftly progress the drug substance into GMP manufacture, seamlessly transitioning into our distinctive formulation and clinical "Make-Test" phase. This further reduces the time required for the clinical phase and minimizes the amount of drug substance needed. One recent achievement for a customer's oncology program involved a rapid method for conducting first-in-human studies with a single ascending dose (SAD) study. Within this study, multiple formulations were developed within a single design space, and a leading formulation was identified and validated for patient trials in just 12 months. Emerging modalities of oncology treatments, such as immunotherapy, and new chemical entities (NCEs) present increasing challenges in physical form, morphology, and chemical complexity. Therefore, it is crucial to select a drug development partner with proven experience in delivering these types of programs. Our approach involves an early understanding of the biopharmaceutics (DCS classification) during the drug development process, combined with expertise in process chemistry, analytical technology, and formulation development. By gaining early insight into the compound's druggability, we mitigate risks in subsequent development phases and align with our "make-test" cycle to ensure rapid and flexible delivery of scalable and robust drug substance production. This guarantees a high-quality CMC package that aligns with the accelerated approval process for oncology trials. More about our expert: Dr. Paul Quigley Dr. Paul Quigley has over 20 years of experience in the fine chemical and pharmaceutical industries in a variety of senior management roles, covering technical management of UK sites, and senior project and operational roles within several international organizations, including ICI, Schering Plough, Clariant, Johnson Matthey, and Rhodia. Meet Our Expert More about Translational Pharmaceutics Quotient Sciences first brought meaningful innovation to the pharmaceutical industry in 2008 with Translational Pharmaceutics® – our unique delivery platform that shortens development times by over 12 months. Contact us today to discuss how it can be applied to your next drug program. Contact Us Today Meet the author: Dr. Paul Quigley Share: Expert insight on Oncology Drug Development More Blogs Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Oncology Oncology Drug Development: Q&A Read More More Blogs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/poster-applications-lipid-based-formulations
Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Scientific Poster Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection Translational Pharmaceutics , Dr. Vanessa Zann Scientific Poster Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Access poster Lipid-based formulations are known to enhance the oral bioavailability of lipophilic drugs with poor aqueous solubility. At the Pharmaceutics, Biopharmaceutics, and Pharmaceutical Technology (PBP) conference in March 2022, Quotient Sciences presented a poster analyzing formulation and clinical data from multiple pharmaceutical development programs conducted by Quotient Sciences over 16 years to understand the drivers for, and outcomes from, selecting and dosing different lipidic formulations. The poster also discusses the challenges in using in-vitro characterization methods to predict in-vivo behaviour, and the benefits of using Quotient Sciences’ unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to integrate real-time adaptive Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing and clinical testing for the rapid screening of multiple lipidic formulations in Phase I pharmacokinetic (PK) studies. Data from 34 lipid formulation programs were analyzed for the following features: formulation application, Biopharmaceutics Classification System (BCS), and in-vitro characterization methods. Various lipid-based dosage forms were developed, including solutions, suspensions, spray-dried dispersions (SDDs), and modified-release (MR) tablets. The poster highlights how lipidic formulations can successfully be used for solubilization, enhancing oral bioavailability, and reducing food effects for BCS Class II and IV drugs. The analysis shows that conventional in-vitro testing methods for different lipidic formulations are poor predictors of in-vivo performance, whereas Quotient Sciences’ integrated Translational Pharmaceutics platform can enable the rapid identification of optimal lipidic formulations based on clinical performance in a reduced timeframe. Poster authors Alaa Hosny, Wu Lin, Peter Scholes Find out more about Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics drug development platform and solubility enhancement capabilities. Meet the author: Dr. Vanessa Zann Share: Latest blogs Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Learn more Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Vanessa Zann Scientific Poster Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/spotlight-icp-ms-bioanalysis
Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences Paige Bellis , Bioanalysis , Bioanalytical Method Development , Alnwick , Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Bioanalysis is a critical part of drug development. From drug discovery, through to pre-clinical and clinical studies, understanding drug exposure, safety, and metabolism are essential in accelerating drugs to clinic and commercialization. In this article, we talk to Paige Bellis, Head of ICP-MS Bioanalytical Operations, to find out more about ICP-MS capabilities and the bioanalytical team at Quotient Sciences. What is your background and your current role at Quotient Sciences? I joined Quotient Sciences six years ago as a Bioanalyst after graduating from Northumbria University, where I studied Biomedical Science. As a Bioanalyst, I processed samples through ICP-MS, LC-MS, and GC-MS, and later had the responsibility of leading ICP-MS and LC-MS studies when I took on the role of a Responsible Scientist. I later moved to a role in Project Management where I managed large-scale projects with multiple vendors and also learned more about other departments within Quotient Sciences. Recently, I was appointed as the Head of ICP-MS Bioanalytical Operations and manage the Bioanalytical ICP-MS team. Part of my role is to lead, develop, and coach the Responsible Scientists and Bioanalysts to deliver ICP-MS customer projects successfully. I also act as the Project Manager for all ICP-MS projects to deliver client objectives in a timely and accurate way. How is the bioanalytical ICP-MS team structured at Quotient Sciences? The bioanalytical ICP-MS team is an expert group at Quotient Sciences that includes a cross-functional team of scientists who can support an entire study. Each team member brings a wealth of insight to every project we work on, some with decades of experience working in industry. Stuart McDougall is our Bioanalytical Principal Research Fellow with over 30 years of experience in the field. He has actively participated as a member of the European Bioanalytical Forum (EBF) and the American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists (AAPS) for many years. In 2022, he contributed to the EBF’s workshop and corresponding sessions discussing the implementation of ICH-M10 , a new guideline that went into effect in January 2023. This was an important milestone because it unified and harmonized the existing regional guidelines (e.g. FDA, EMEA, PMDA, ANIVSA, etc). Our Method Developer has over a decade of experience and is responsible for developing robust and precise ICP-MS methods for quantitative measurement of the target element in biological matrix. Some of the challenging projects we have faced have included total copper and arsenic speciation, and quantitative tissue analysis. Once the method has been developed, our Bioanalysts play a critical role in validating the elemental assays following ICH-M10, and support both clinical and non-clinical sample analysis using industry-leading ICP-MS and ICP-MS/MS instrumentation. Bioanalysts work closely with our Responsible Scientists, who direct projects to ensure we provide regulatory-compliant data for our customers. Aside from adherence to ICH-M10 guidelines, in what other ways does Quotient Sciences ensure compliance with global regulatory standards? Our bioanalytical laboratory is located within the Quotient Sciences – Alnwick facility . It is routinely inspected by the UK MHRA for compliance with Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) and Good Clinical Practice (GCP) standards. We have supported many customers who have submitted their bioanalytical ICP-MS data to regulatory authorities including the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and have successfully registered their new drugs. Last year, the US FDA audited three bioequivalence studies at Alnwick for a renowned pharmaceutical company during an unplanned, study-specific inspection. The FDA inspection and audit were successful. The bioanalytical ICP-MS team is an expert group at Quotient Sciences that includes a cross-functional team of scientists who can support an entire study. Each team member brings a wealth of insight to every project we work on, some with decades of experience working in industry. Are there more specialized capabilities available, and in what cases would they be used? What have been some common, as well as some of the more uncommon, requests from customer programs? We support a range of studies, from pre-clinical to Phase III clinical trials, by ICP-MS. Our team have validated many preclinical and clinical assays in many matrices including blood, plasma, urine, faeces and tissues. Those assays have been used to analyse samples for dose-ranging studies, GLP toxicology studies, and many clinical studies. For New Chemical Entities (NCE) that can not be readily measured by conventional assays such as LC-MS, but contain a unique element, Quotient Sciences have been able to provide ADME for drug development programs (Elemental ADME). As part of this we can also support elemental profiling and speciation using LC-ICP-MS to determine biotransformation. And for complex samples that require additional homogenisation, such as tissues, food or excreta, we have both mechanical (bead, ultrasonic, Turrax and Stomacher) and high-capacity Ultrawave microwave digestion capability. We have extensive experience with quantitative elemental analysis for both PK endpoint (elements in drugs) and PD biomarkers, monitoring changes in element levels in disease states and after treatment. The team has experience analysing many elements, ranging from antimony to zinc. This experience enables us to collaborate with our customers to solve challenges and produce high quality data on time to achieve the best outcome for the project. Learn more about bioanalysis capabilities at Quotient Sciences . Meet the author: Paige Bellis Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/bioanalytical-strategies-accelerate-development-insulin-analogues-and-other-large-peptides
Bioanalytical Strategies For Insulin Analogues | Bioanalysis | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Bioanalytical Strategies that Accelerate the Development of Assays for Insulin Analogues and Other Large Peptides Bioanalysis Bioanalytical Strategies that Accelerate the Development of Assays for Insulin Analogues and Other Large Peptides By: Michael Blackburn The quantification of insulin analogues and other large peptides, such as glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonists, plays an important part in improving the outcome of downstream formulation development and clinical trial activities. However, this growing class of biotherapeutics is known to present sensitivity challenges when trying to measure trace levels of these types of compounds, thus requiring advanced technologies such as 2D ultra-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry (LC-MS). At Quotient Sciences, we have developed and supported numerous insulin analogue, human insulin, and peptide/protein assays in the discovery, pre-clinical, and clinical stages of development. In this article, Michael Blackburn, Head of Bioanalytical Method Development and Labs at Quotient Sciences, describes the bioanalytical strategy that we employ to best support clinical studies for these types of compounds and how our physicochemical-based approach enables us to accelerate the development of bioanalytical assays for insulin analogues. What are insulin analogues, and what challenges do they present to bioanalytical chemists? Human insulin has a molecular weight of 5,808 Da and is made up of 51 amino acids in two chains joined together by disulfide bridges. Insulin analogues are versions of human insulin that have been modified slightly, by the addition or substitution of amino acids, or the addition of a side chain such as a fatty acid. This is done to modify the kinetics of the insulin in the body, making it either rapid-acting (prandial) or slow-acting (basal). Their action also depends on the formulation (injectable form) in which they are dosed. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA)-based (ligand binding) assays cannot always distinguish between different insulin analogues or their metabolites. Mass spectrometry can offer a means of analyzing them simultaneously in a single assay. How do you measure insulin analogues using mass spectrometry? The typical mass spectrometers used in bioanalysis have an upper mass limit of 2,000–4,000 Da, but insulin analogues have masses of approximately 6,000 Da. We can measure them due to the phenomenon of multiple charging, which occurs in electrospray. This multiple-charging effect is incredibly useful because it produces clusters, which due to their charging fall into the mass-to-charge range of the mass spectrometer. For an insulin analogue or any large peptide, we can select one of these multiply charged clusters, usually the largest one, for fragmentation. Peptides and proteins fragment in predictable ways around the peptide amide bond, going in different directions to produce characteristic product ions, which help us to identify these insulin analogues. What are hybrid assays? Hybrid assays combine LC-MS with an immunoaffinity-based extraction technique – for example, using commercially available mass spectrometric immunoassay (MSIA) pipette tips or antibody-coated magnetic beads. Immunoaffinity extraction is very specific and provides a clean sample for mass spectrometry. Although our hybrid assay worked very well, it relied on a regular supply of specific antibodies and tips being available, and this was not always possible. This presented a need to change our analytical strategy to a more robust and reliable approach. Why might you use a physicochemical approach? Recent developments in solid-phase extraction technology and improvements in mass spectrometers have made a physicochemical approach a viable option. High-performance mass spectrometers, combined with specific product ions, can lead us to lower quantitation levels than were previously possible. Immunoaffinity extraction can give you a very clean extract, as you are only pulling out the thing that will bind to your antibody. A physicochemical approach, such as solid-phase extraction, even if it is quite specifically tuned to your analyte, will pull out anything with the broad physicochemical interaction you are looking at, so you need a cleaner sample. At Quotient Sciences, our strategy is based on three steps. Firstly, clean the sample and disrupt protein binding with a protein crash with acetonitrile and methanol, which removes the big albumins and the immunoglobulins. This is then followed by solid-phase extraction of the supernatant using either an HLB Prime or anion exchange column to clean the extract further. The sample is then injected. Our high-performance Waters Xevo TQ-XS Triple Quadrupole mass spectrometers follow a 2D approach, where the sample goes through a trapping column before it goes on to the analytical column. This enables us to load more of the sample to get better sensitivity and helps with robustness, as it provides an extra clean-up and switching step before you reach the analytical column. By combining this with modern column technology, we can get better peak shapes. Physicochemical assays may be more precise than hybrid assays, but they are slightly less sensitive, as the clean-up is less specific. What are the particular challenges that you see with LC-MS bioanalysis of peptides? The first challenge is non-specific binding with hydrophobic peptides, which can be prevented by using carrier proteins and low-bind surfaces. Secondly, passivation of the analytical system, particularly the UPLC column, is required to improve the peak shape. You also need to keep the background low, which can be achieved using solvent blank injections. A final issue is anti-drug antibody (ADA) effects, where the body sees the introduction of a foreign protein and develops antibodies against them, which can cause complications in analysis and produce anomalous results. Loss of internal standard is a giveaway sign, and it may occur with both hybrid and physicochemical approaches. How do the results of LC-MS compare to ligand binding assays? There is a general correlation between ligand binding assays and LC-MS, but do not expect an exact correlation. LC-MS measures concentration, whereas ligand binding assays measure activity. You need to consider what you want to measure – for example, total activity or specific concentration of the drug and metabolites. It may be faster to develop a mass spectrometry-based assay, as you do not need a specific antibody. However, if you do have a specific antibody, immunoassays may be more sensitive and may need a smaller sample volume. Pre-existing ADAs may interfere with both ligand binding assays and physicochemical assays, though to different degrees. What key considerations should bioanalytical chemists be aware of for LC-MS of peptides? LC-MS can give a fast and specific assay for large peptides and small proteins, particularly insulins, without the need for targeted antibodies. This makes it ideal for fast analysis in the discovery and pre-clinical phases of drug development. For the larger clinical phases, different considerations may apply – for example, sensitivity requirements or in-house facilities. You should also think about what you actually want to measure – for example, specific activity versus total activity. Generally, the two methods will give orthogonal and complementary data but are not exactly correlated, and you must bear in mind possible ADA effects. As a rule of thumb, most peptides or small proteins that are less than 10 kDa can now be readily quantified by LC-MS without the need for enzyme digestion or antibody-based clean-up. Larger proteins, such as monoclonal antibodies (mAb), usually require digestion before LC-MS analysis, which is a more complex workflow and can be less specific. There are new techniques, such as intact mass analysis using high-resolution mass spectrometry (HR-MS) or ion mobility, that may help to get around some of these issues of digestion. To find out more about Quotient Sciences’ bioanalytical strategies for insulin analogues, and explore some recent case studies, watch Michael’s recent webinar entitled: " Bioanalytical Strategies for Insulin Analogues & Other Large Peptides Using LC-MS " Learn more about how Quotient Sciences' bioanalytical services can support your drug development program by hitting the link below. Bioanalytical Services Meet the author: Michael Blackburn Share: More from our experts More Blogs Paige Bellis, Bioanalysis, Bioanalytical Method Development, Alnwick, Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Read More Bioanalysis Bioanalytical Strategies that Accelerate the Development of Assays for Insulin Analogues and Other Large Peptides By: Michael Blackburn Read More Bioanalysis Scientific Poster Spotlight: Novel Copper Protein Speciation Method for Calculating Serum Non-Ceruloplasmin Copper: A Comparative Analysis Read More More Blogs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/scientific-poster-spotlight-novel-copper-protein-speciation-method-calculating-serum-non-ceruloplasmin-copper-comparative-analysis
Scientific Poster Spotlight: Novel Copper Protein Speciation Method for Calculating Serum Non-Ceruloplasmin Copper: A Comparative Analysis | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Scientific Poster Spotlight: Novel Copper Protein Speciation Method for Calculating Serum Non-Ceruloplasmin Copper: A Comparative Analysis Bioanalysis Scientific Poster Spotlight: Novel Copper Protein Speciation Method for Calculating Serum Non-Ceruloplasmin Copper: A Comparative Analysis Access the poster At the European Bioanalysis Forum (EBF) conference in November 2021, Quotient Sciences [1] and Orphalan [2] presented a poster describing a comparative analysis of a novel method for calculating serum non-ceruloplasmin-bound copper (NCC) levels in patients with Wilson disease (WD). WD is a genetic disorder of copper transport, which can be diagnosed and monitored using serum NCC levels. During a Phase I clinical trial of a potential new treatment for WD, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) highlighted that the current standard method of determining NCC levels, NCC-EDTA, may underestimate NCC levels. As a result, Orphalan developed a novel assay to determine NCC levels using copper protein speciation (NCC-CuSp) and liquid chromatography with inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (LC-ICP-MS). The aim of the project was to compare NCC values obtained from the novel NCC-CuSp assay and the standard NCC-EDTA assay in WD patients. During the clinical trial, the WD patients had blood samples taken at regular intervals, and serum NCC levels were evaluated by both the NCC-CuSp and NCC-EDTA methods. Paired data was compared using a Bland–Altman plot (difference plot), which is a statistical method used to analyze the agreement between two different assays. The overall level of agreement between the NCC-EDTA and NCC-CuSp methods from all paired samples and across the complete range of values obtained from the WD patients was moderate. On average, the NCC-EDTA values were found to be lower than the NCC-CuSp values. This project highlighted how imprecise measurements of NCC levels may lead to inappropriate medication titration in WD patients. Poster authors 1\. Quotient Sciences: S. McDougall 2\. Orphalan: T. Morley, O. Kamlin 3\. National Measurement Laboratory at LGC: H. Goenaga-Infante, E. Del Castillo 4\. International Drug Development Institute: K. D’Hollander Find out more about Quotient Sciences’ bioanalytical services . Share: Latest blogs Paige Bellis, Bioanalysis, Bioanalytical Method Development, Alnwick, Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Learn more Bioanalysis Bioanalytical Strategies that Accelerate the Development of Assays for Insulin Analogues and Other Large Peptides By: Michael Blackburn Learn more Bioanalysis Scientific Poster Spotlight: Novel Copper Protein Speciation Method for Calculating Serum Non-Ceruloplasmin Copper: A Comparative Analysis Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/data-sciences-spotlight
Spotlight on Data Sciences at Quotient Sciences | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Spotlight on Data Sciences at Quotient Sciences Data Sciences , Careers , Dennis Henderson Spotlight on Data Sciences at Quotient Sciences By: Dennis Henderson Data Sciences are a critical part of drug development. During clinical research studies, a significant amount of data is generated, which needs to be carefully processed, analyzed, interpreted, and reported. In order to make crucial decisions during a clinical study, high-quality data is needed quickly. This is where Quotient Sciences’ integrated, in-house Data Sciences team comes in. In this article, Dennis Henderson, Director of Statistics, gives an insight into what it’s like to be a Data Scientist at Quotient Sciences, the important role that Data Sciences play in clinical development, and what it takes to develop a successful career in this field. What is your background and your current role at Quotient Sciences? I joined Quotient Sciences 10 years ago as a Junior Statistician after completing an MSc in Mathematical Biology and Ecology. I’ve since progressed in my career within the company and now head up the Statistics function within the Data Sciences team. This group compromises Statisticians who are responsible for providing input into clinical study design and analysis methods, generating study randomization schemes, and carrying out formal analysis and interpretation of clinical data by employing statistical methods. What initially interested you about a role in Data Sciences? Applying mathematical and statistical skills to a meaningful role where you could directly see the benefit your work was providing was important to me. In addition, working for a contract research organization (CRO) has a great deal of variety and learning potential. You are constantly being exposed to a wide array of clinical study designs and endpoints, as well as clients from both large pharmaceutical companies and small biotechs, each with their own different requirements and demands. It’s a fast-paced environment, with many different activities ongoing at the same time, which means the job is never dull and you never stop learning. How does Data Sciences support early clinical development? Data Sciences support clinical studies through the entire lifecycle of the program at both of Quotient Sciences’ clinical sites in Nottingham, UK, and Miami, USA. Our colleagues play an influential role right from the start of a program, getting involved in the initial study scoping and design. Throughout the trial conduct, the Data Sciences team can support crucial in-study decisions and ad-hoc analysis requests with the provision of high-quality and timely deliverables. Our reporting teams then work together following completion of trial conduct to bring the key message out of the data to support the sponsor with further clinical development, all while delivering industry-standard tables, figures, and listings (TFLs), Clinical Data Interchange Standards Consortium (CDISC) datasets, and International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH)-compliant reports. What different roles are there within the Data Sciences team at Quotient Sciences? Data Sciences at Quotient Sciences is comprised of six distinct functions (Database Programming, Data Management, Statical Programming, Statistics, Pharmacokinetics (PK), and Medical Writing), each with their own unique roles and responsibilities. While Database Programming and Data Management focus on the collection and quality of the data at our clinical sites, the Statistics, Statistical Programming, and PK functions are primarily responsible for the reporting, analysis, and interpretation of this study data. Our Medical Writing team then focus on bringing the study narrative and data together by authoring high-quality and industry-compliant clinical study reports. How do the different functions within Data Sciences work together? There is a great deal of collaboration between each department as the clinical study data flows through each of the distinct functions during the lifetime of the clinical study, from collection to reporting. The collaboration isn’t just limited to Data Sciences, as we often work closely with Clinicians, Pharmacologists, Bioanalysts, and Project Managers who also play a very important role in designing, delivery, and reporting a clinical study. What would your advice be to a graduate looking to start their career in Data Sciences? All roles across Data Sciences benefit someone who has great problem-solving skills, a keen eye for detail, and an inquisitive nature. To progress your career, it’s essential to be able to provide evidence of these skills and to always be prepared for unexpected or unplanned scenarios. If you are interested in learning more about open positions in our Data Sciences department, please visit: Quotient Sciences' Careers Find out more about Data Sciences Meet the author: Dennis Henderson Share: Read more from our colleagues Careers at Quotient Sciences Careers, Philadelphia Colleague Stories: Omer Alp By: Omer Alp Learn more Paige Bellis, Bioanalysis, Bioanalytical Method Development, Alnwick, Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Learn more Nottingham, Careers Colleague Stories: Yolanda Gibson Learn more Careers at Quotient Sciences Careers at Quotient Sciences Join our team in Nottingham, UK Browse Jobs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/what-role-does-data-sciences-play-in-drug-development
What Role Do Data Sciences Play in Drug Development? | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog What Role Do Data Sciences Play in Drug Development? Data Sciences , Ian Nisbet What Role Do Data Sciences Play in Drug Development? By: Ian Nisbet Data science is a critical part of drug development. During clinical research studies, a significant amount of data is generated, which needs to be carefully processed, analyzed, interpreted, and reported. In order to make crucial decisions during a clinical study, high-quality data is needed quickly. At Quotient Sciences, our Data Sciences department supports clinical trials conducted at our Miami, US, and Nottingham, UK, clinics, providing customers with rapid data and results to inform and accelerate their drug development programs. Faster data means that we can provide earlier interim data and pharmacokinetic (PK) reports for on-study dosing that aid in formulation development decisions. We understand that on-study changes to early-phase trial designs and dosing are common, so we take a flexible and adaptive approach to meet those demands. Our data science experts work to global standard operating procedures (SOPs), templates, and standards, but these can also be adapted to align with sponsor templates and standards where required. We place a great deal of emphasis on implementing industry-leading systems and software to drive data quality and reporting in line with customer expectations and industry standards. Our services are fully integrated, and we assign a single project manager for all drug product, clinical, and data science activities. The Data Sciences department at Quotient Sciences is comprised of six key functions. Database Programming The electronic Case Report Form (eCRF) is a collection of digital forms used in clinical research to collect data about study participants. The Database Programming team sets up and maintains the eCRFs for all the clinical studies carried out at Quotient Sciences, including making design amendments as required. The team also uses Statistical Analysis Software (SAS) to program complex data checks and load external data, such as safety laboratory data, for reconciliation with the eCRF. Data Management The Data Management Plan (DMP) is an important document that outlines how you are planning to manage your clinical research data, both during and after your study. The Data Management team at Quotient Sciences is responsible for the DMP, as well as data cleaning, reconciliation of serious adverse events (SAEs) and external data, coding, and query issue and review. The team also manages the database close/lock at the end of a clinical study, to prevent further changes to the database in preparation for data analysis. The Data Management team is also responsible for the generation of interim safety data listings for rapid dose decision meetings. Statistics The Statistics team at Quotient Sciences provides input on the clinical study protocol, including sample size calculation and randomization. The team also manages the Reporting and Analysis Plan (RAP), which describes all the planned data analyses and output requirements for a clinical study, and performs formal statistical analysis and interpretation of study data. Statistical Programming The Statistical Programming team is responsible for programming Clinical Data Interchange Standards Consortium (CDISC) datasets, including Study Data Tabulation Model (SDTM) and Analysis Data Model (ADaM), and define-XML, as well as study listings, tables, and figures. Using SAS software, the team also loads data from the analysis of clinical study samples by Quotient Sciences’ Bioanalysis team or external vendors. Pharmacokinetics The Pharmacokinetics team derives PK parameters, which assist in characterizing how the drug is absorbed, distributed, metabolized, and eliminated from the body, such as the area under the plot of plasma concentration of a drug versus time after dosage (AUC) and the highest concentration of a drug in the blood after dosage (C max ), using Phoenix WinNonlin software. This data is used for interim and final PK reports. The team also analyzes and interprets the images from gamma scintigraphy studies that are performed at our Nottingham, UK, clinic. Medical Writing The Medical Writing team are a core part of the Data Sciences department, responsible for writing the clinical study protocol, including any protocol amendments and the final clinical study report (CSR) for all the clinical studies carried out at Quotient Sciences. All functions play a key role in delivering crucial clinical trial data in order to streamline the drug development process for our customers and accelerate their molecule to their next project milestone. Find out more about Data Sciences at Quotient Sciences by clicking the link below: Data Sciences Meet the author: Ian Nisbet Share: More from our experts More Blogs Scintigraphy, Data Sciences How can we help design and conduct gamma scintigraphy studies By: Gareth Whitaker, Chris Roe & Beth Brickhill Read More Data Sciences, Careers, Dennis Henderson Spotlight on Data Sciences at Quotient Sciences By: Dennis Henderson Read More Data Sciences, Ian Nisbet What Role Do Data Sciences Play in Drug Development? By: Ian Nisbet Read More More Blogs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/importance-data-integrity-drug-development-process
The importance of data integrity in the drug development process | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog The importance of data integrity in the drug development process Data Sciences The importance of data integrity in the drug development process By: Erika Reategui Data integrity is crucial when developing new medicines to ensure their safety and effectiveness for patients. What is data integrity & why is it so important in drug development and clinical trials? Data integrity is the maintenance and assurance of data accuracy and consistency over the lifecycle of a drug product/study. It is a critical aspect of the design, implementation, and usage of any system that stores, processes, or retrieves data. Data integrity must follow global mandatory requirements for regulated healthcare industries for developing and bringing a new medical product to market. In addition, data integrity must comply with Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP), Good Clinical Practices (GCP), and Good Laboratory Practices (GLP), often collectively termed GxP. Data integrity is essential because it ensures that the raw data collected is valid, complete, and well-documented. Data integrity's goal is to ensure that all data in the form of original records and observations, as well as, any other documented activity that would be required to reconstruct the clinical study and assure the safety, efficacy, and quality of the product is available, complete, accurate and authentic. How does data integrity differ from data security? Data integrity and data security are related terms, each playing an important role in the successful achievement of the other. Data security is the protection of data against unauthorized access or corruption and is necessary to ensure data integrity. Data integrity is a desired result of data security, but the term data integrity refers only to the validity and accuracy of data rather than the act of protecting data. Data security is extremely important, as unauthorized access to sensitive data can lead to the changing of records and data loss. How is raw data defined and how does it relate directly to data integrity? Raw data is the original and first documentation of the captured data. It is essential that the integrity of raw data be maintained. The documentation of raw data can be done in different formats, including electronic data entered in software and computerized systems, data entered exclusively on paper sources, and also hybrid systems which have both paper & electronic data. Data integrity requirements apply to each of these formats. What does ALCOA stand for and how does that relate to data integrity? Regulators wanted to make certain that the integrity of data is preserved during the drug development lifecycle and through commercialization, so they established the ALCOA principle (later revised to include the “Plus"). ALOCA + stands for Attributable, Legible, Contemporaneous, Original, Accurate. (+) Complete, Enduring, Available, Consistent, and all data must follow the ALCOA + principle. Attributable data collection \- must include the place of origin, and the date of data collection should be noted down. Any alterations to the data should be noted, and clear identification of the person making the correction should be available. Legible \- data should be easily read Contemporaneous \- time and date of data collection should correspond accurately with the time and date of data recording. Original \- original data should be preserved and maintained. In case of duplications/copies of the original data, the creator of the copy should confirm the authenticity of the copies (True Copy). Accurate \- data should be error-free, and in case of any updates or corrections, a clear note/comment should be noted to support such change. The Plus (+) in ALCOA : Complete \- data should be complete in nature (no omissions), including any changes that have been made during the life of the data. Consistent \- data should be chronologically arranged, with an audit trail available for any updates or changes to the data. Enduring \- the manner used to record the data should be one that will last a long time without losing readability. Available \- data should be accessible whenever needed, over the life of the data, and after study/protocol completion as per regulatory requirements. How is ALCOA+ applied to GxP? GxP is a collection of quality guidelines and regulations established to ensure the safety and efficacy of drug products. Collectively these define the Good Practices, where “x” may stand for laboratory, clinical, manufacturing, or distribution. Independent of the environment, all regulatory agencies have a statutory obligation to ensure that the drugs available in their specific country fulfill the necessary requirements for safety, quality, and efficacy. They are responsible for effectively reviewing all the documents (containing both clinical and non-clinical data) before giving permission for the marketing of a new drug to ensure the efficacy, quality, and safety of the drug in humans. Furthermore, they encourage manufacturers, clinical sites, and sponsors to implement effective and robust strategies to ensure that accurate and secure data management systems are in place and routinely monitored by the quality unit. What violations of data integrity do regulatory agencies look for? All regulatory authorities have similar expectations on data integrity and some examples of violations that have been reported by the FDA, include: Deletion or manipulation of data Aborted sample analysis without justification Invalidated results without justification Destruction or loss of data Failure to document work contemporaneously Uncontrolled documentation What are the benefits of Good Documentation Practices? Good Documentation Practices (GDP) are part of data integrity and help ensure that the recording of raw data meets ALCOA+ principles. Some benefits of Good Documentation Practices include: The creation of legal evidence The determination of responsibility The conservation of acquired skills The facilitation of communication and the ability to provide a story of the events The establishment of an audit trail for clear visibility The accurate reconstruction of events An inspector or auditor must be able to reconstruct the series of a product’s or project’s events and confirm the integrity of the related data using paper or electronic documents What are audit trails and why are they important? Per FDA, audit trail means a secure, computer-generated, time-stamped electronic record that allows for reconstruction of the course of events relating to the creation, modification, or deletion of an electronic record. Audit trails include those that track the creation, modification, or deletion of data (such as processing parameters and results) and those that track actions at the record or system level (such as attempts to access the system or rename or delete a file). Audit trails are important because they provide a means of verifying the data's accuracy and completeness by, providing a chronological sequence of events via a clear view of the documentation and record updates to confirm data integrity. Ultimately, in any regulatory environment, audit trails are crucial to show record compliance and data integrity. Anything else that we should know about Data Integrity? If a task or event is not documented, it does not happen. To avoid miscommunication, assumptions, or the appearance of fraud, document the tasks immediately and follow established procedures or protocols. Take a few seconds to review your work, assuring the document complies with ALCOA + and maintains the integrity of the data. Data integrity is everyone's responsibility. At Quotient Sciences, data integrity is central to everything we do. We have robust and stringent quality systems in place across our global network of facilities to ensure that the data we collect from our development, manufacturing, and clinical study programs is accurate and consistent to ensure volunteer and patient safety and meet regulatory requirements. Contact us for more information about our approach to data integrity. Meet the author: Erika Reategui Share: Latest blogs Scintigraphy, Data Sciences How can we help design and conduct gamma scintigraphy studies By: Gareth Whitaker, Chris Roe & Beth Brickhill Learn more Data Sciences, Careers, Dennis Henderson Spotlight on Data Sciences at Quotient Sciences By: Dennis Henderson Learn more Data Sciences, Ian Nisbet What Role Do Data Sciences Play in Drug Development? By: Ian Nisbet Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/orphan-rare-diseases
Orphan Rare Diseases CRO:CDMO Services & Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Orphan Drugs & Rare Diseases How can I accelerate the development of my rare disease drug candidate? Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Solutions Orphan Drugs & Rare Diseases We help you give new hope to those who are affected by rare diseases. Loading... 400 million people around the world are affected by a rare disease. Half of those patients are children. In the United States alone, over 7,000 rare diseases affect more than 30 million people. The FDA has approved hundreds of drugs for rare diseases in the four decades since the Orphan Drug Act was signed into law in 1983. Still to this day, most rare diseases do not have FDA-approved treatments. Many difficulties remain in bringing new medicines for rare diseases to market, ranging from limited R&D budgets to challenging clinical recruitment. Accelerating the orphan drug development pathway The development of treatments to address unmet needs in rare disease is an area of our expertise. We have supported over 50 development programs for rare diseases in the past five years alone. Our extensive formulation development and clinical pharmacology expertise, coupled with our agile and flexible approach to clinical manufacturing and commercial manufacturing , make us your ideal partner to make a difference in patients' lives. Integrated capabilities and expertise for orphan drug development From pre-formulation and formulation development, through to clinical development and scale-up for commercial manufacturing, we provide an end-to-end solution for the development of orphan drug products. Our capabilities for orphan drug development include: Pre-formulation and API characterization Formulation and process development First-in-human clinical testing and acceleration into POC trials Bespoke clinical trial manufacturing and supply (Phase I-III) of drug products into patient trials Rapid scale-up and commercial manufacturing of low-volume products Download Whitepaper Articles & Publications, Dr. Paul Quigley, John McDermott DCAT Value Chain Insights - CDMO Roundtable: Managing Orphan Drug Projects Read More Our goal is to help you bring new rare disease treatments to market, fast. As a fully integrated drug development, clinical testing and manufacturing organization, Quotient Sciences addresses the challenges associated with orphan drug development. We are dedicated to accelerating the development of new drugs for patients around the world, providing individual services or fully integrated programs through our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® drug development platform. Contact us today to learn how we can help support the development and manufacturing needs of your orphan drug program. Contact Us Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/cns-neurology
CNS / Neurology CRO:CDMO Services & Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact CNS / Neurology How can I accelerate the development of my central nervous system (CNS) drug candidate? Contact Us Home Solutions CNS / Neurology Minimize CNS development risk and maximize the probability of success with our expertise. Clinical understanding of central nervous system (CNS) and neurology is incomplete. CNS clinical development programs have among the highest failure rates across all therapeutic areas. Quotient Sciences can support you by minimizing development risk. Accelerating CNS neurology drug development from candidate selection to commercial manufacture and supply CNS drug development brings specific challenges, working with you we make it our mission to bring innovative and potentially life-changing medicines to an unmet patient need. We offer over 30 years of experience in candidate selection, formulation development and optimization and clinical pharmacology. Our integrated preclinical, clinical, and manufacturing scientific experts make us the ideal partner to get your CNS program moving forward, fast. Integrated capabilities and expertise We are committed to helping you find therapeutic treatments an unmet clinical need. Our approach offers a comprehensive solution for the development of CNS therapeutics, covering candidate selection to commercial manufacturing. Choosing to partner with us means you can benefit from our extensive knowledge and unique integration in formulation development , clinical pharmacology , agile clinical manufacturing , and commercial manufacturing Working together we have an unswerving belief in making a positive impact on the lives of patients and humanity. Our strategy in CNS/ Neurology We are committed to accelerating the development of new medicines for patients worldwide. As a unique drug development and manufacturing accelerator that combines drug development, clinical testing, and manufacturing, we can tackle the challenges that our customers entrust us with, to develop drug programs, fast. We provide individually tailored services or fully integrated programs through our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. Contact us today to learn how we can help support the development and manufacturing needs of your gastroenterology drug development program. Contact Us Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/gi-gastroenterology
GI / Gastroenterology CRO:CDMO Services & Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact GI / Gastroenterology How can I accelerate the development of my gastrointestinal and inflammation (GI) drug candidate? Contact Us Home Solutions GI / Gastroenterology We offer extensive preclinical and clinical expertise in the gastrointestinal therapeutic area. To make a difference, it is crucial to comprehend the impact of GI and inflammatory diseases on daily lives. These conditions disrupt routines, and can cause emotional distress alongside physical pain. Quotient Sciences' therapeutic expertise can help. Accelerating gastroenterology drug development from candidate selection to commercial manufacture and supply Our manifesto is to take molecules and turn them into cures, fast. Working with you, and for patients suffering from gastrointestinal (GI) and inflammatory diseases, we can help by providing innovative and transformative strategies to identify your best drug candidates for future therapeutic medicines that will improve lives. With our extensive experience in gastroenterology spanning over 30 years, we have the formulation development and clinical pharmacology expertise in inflammation to develop treatments for conditions with unmet clinical needs. Needs such as inflammatory bowel disease, celiac disease, psoriasis, advanced liver disease, and neurogastric disorders. Integrated capabilities and expertise We are dedicated to advancing scientific research and clinical medicine to enhance disease management for all individuals affected by GI and inflammatory diseases. From pre-formulation and formulation development through clinical development and scale-up for commercial manufacturing, our strategy presents an end-to-end solution for the development of gastrointestinal and inflammation therapeutics. Partnering with you, leverage our extensive formulation know-how, clinical pharmacology expertise, agile clinical manufacturing and commercial manufacturing, to help make a difference to patients lives. Our strategy in Gastroenterology We are dedicated to accelerating the development of new medicines for patients around the world. As a unique, fully integrated drug development, clinical testing and manufacturing organization, we can address the unmet challenges associated with developing programs for drug development, fast. We provide individually tailored services or fully integrated programs through our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. Contact us today to learn how we can help support the development and manufacturing needs of your gastroenterology drug development program. Contact Us Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/modified-release
Modified Release Formulation Development Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Modified Release Formulation Development Optimize your modified-release formulations. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Modified Release Formulation Development Get expert support for your modified-release programs. Loading... Although modified-release (MR) formulations offer many therapeutic benefits, there are many challenges to overcome when trying to develop this type of formulation. Quotient Sciences has the expertise to help develop your modified-release form, with the insight to support even the most challenging modified-release programs. Download Info Sheet Rising to the challenge of MR formulations The popularity of modified-release (MR) dosage forms continues to rise due to the many therapeutic benefits that they offer for both drug developers and patients. Oral MR formulations are designed to control the rate and/or location of drug release in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. In contrast to immediate-release (IR) formulations, MR dosage forms can offer: maintenance of drug plasma concentrations over a prolonged period to reduce dosing frequency attenuation of drug peak-to-trough ratios to reduce peak-related adverse events (AEs) and improve efficacy drug delivery to targeted regions of the GI tract for localized treatment. Extensive formulation expertise in an end-to-end solution At Quotient Sciences, we have supported more than 100 MR development programs over the past decade across a wide variety of therapeutic areas. We have designed modified-release formulations in gastro-retention, sustained-release, pulsatile-release and other formats. Our extensive background in formulation, along with our agile and flexible approach to clinical and commercial manufacturing, makes us the ideal partner in the development of the development of your MR drug products. More insight about modified-release formats: Modified-release format Objective Formulation technology Gastro-retention Keep the formulation in the stomach for an extended period to maximize the duration of absorption or therapeutic activity Swellable tablets (monolithic, bilayer, trilayer) Gastro-resistant Prevent release of the drug in the stomach and/or upper gastrointestinal (GI) tract Overcome first-pass metabolism or gastric irritation Enteric-coated tablets or capsules Sustained or extended release Extend the in-vivo release profile of the drug or enable once-daily dosing Matrix tablets, coated tablets, or multiparticulates Targeted or controlled delivery Release the drug at or near the intended site of absorption or action Have either immediate-release or extended-release characteristics Deliver time-, pH-, or microbially-triggered release Tablets, capsules, or multiparticulates Biphasic release Eliminate the need for repeat dosing Provide rapid therapeutic effect from an immediate-release layer and extended dosing from a sustained-release layer Bilayer tablets or multiparticulates Pulsatile release Release the drug as a pulse after a pre-determined lag time, designed according to the body’s circadian rhythm Provide a release mechanism beneficial for drugs where time-dependent dosing is required or those that undergo first-pass metabolism Bilayer tablets or multiparticulates Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/peptide-drug-development
Peptide Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Peptide Drug Development Accelerating peptide therapeutics with patients in mind. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Solutions Peptides Helping get new treatment options to patients, faster. Loading... Peptides are growing in popularity as a therapeutic niche due to their high selectivity, and potency. Their properties can pose challenges in formulation development and drug delivery. We have deep formulation development experience spanning over 30 years, with expertise in accelerating peptide programs. Accelerate the development of your peptide therapeutic drug product Peptide drug products are a rapidly growing area within the pharmaceutical industry for oncology, metabolic disease, and rare and orphan indications. However, the complexity and unique physicochemical properties of peptides present many challenges to drug developers. We understand that each peptide is unique and that there is no 'one-size-fits-all' approach to formulation design . With over 30 years of experience working on a variety of peptide programs for a range of delivery routes, our scientists are skilled at developing strategies to reduce degradation and instability while maximizing absorption and bioavailability. What is a peptide? As polymers of amino acids, peptides are neither small molecules nor large biologics. Peptides are typically water soluble, hydrophilic, and charged, so they are poorly absorbed across the skin and mucosal membranes. Historically, peptides have mainly been administered via injection, but with recent advancements in enabling formulation technologies, alternative routes of delivery, such as oral dosage forms, are becoming more prevalent. Experts in formulation development Quotient Sciences' approach to formulation development is based on the physical, chemical, and biopharmaceutic properties of each peptide, and we build robust, fit-for-purpose early development programs that meet Investigational New Drug Application (IND) and other regulatory requirements. Peptide characterization and preformulation Biopharmaceutics profiling to guide route of delivery and formulation strategy Pre-clinical and clinical formulation development and optimization Phase I clinical assessment in healthy volunteers Dosage forms for delivery routes Oral, including regional delivery Parenteral, including intravenous (IV), subcutaneous (SC), and intramuscular (IM) Inhaled Nasal Topical Rectal Vaginal Clinical testing capabilities First-in-human (FIH) studies Relative bioavailability studies to optimize drug delivery technology performance Absolute bioavailability studies Bioanalysis Candidate development In this phase, we develop an experimental plan that is tailored to the stage of development and the availability and purity of your drug substance, often using material-sparing approaches. This enables us to recommend a lead molecule and a drug delivery strategy to pursue for in-vivo animal studies. We can support: Analytical development using appropriate techniques Liquid chromatography with mass spectrometry (LC-MS) Reversed-phase high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC)/ultra-performance liquid chromatography (UPLC) with ultraviolet (UV), size-exclusion, and charged aerosol detection Light scattering methods Chemical stabilization (solid and solution state) Assessment of aggregation and binding Characterization in biorelevant conditions In-vitro permeability assessment Bioanalysis Preclinical development Peptides often present unique stability and permeability challenges, so we provide a well-designed and adaptive plan for pre-clinical in-vivo screening and safety assessments. Our expertise includes: Solution development for oral and IV dosing Animal model selection appropriate for the drug delivery strategy Permeability enhancement by use of excipients and targeted drug delivery Safety assessment and dose selection of permeation enhancers Clinical development The clinical performance of a peptide can deviate from the outcome predicted by pre-clinical data. For non-parenteral routes, such as oral and nasal delivery, a complex formulation approach may be required for the FIH trial. Our scientists are experienced with: Formulation design for a wide range of FIH dosage forms Adaptive clinical trial design solutions that allow dose strength and/or functional excipient selection based on emerging pharmacokinetic (PK) data Use of controlled-release coatings and permeation-enhancing excipients for oral, nasal, and other non-parenteral formulations Imaging using gamma scintigraphy to evaluate dosage form performance in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract Sterile manufacturing of peptide products for IV, SC, and IM injection Integrated strategies to accelerate peptide development At Quotient Sciences, our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform accelerates peptide development by integrating formulation development, real-time adaptive manufacturing, and clinical testing, all under one organization and a single program manager. Flexible study protocols and rapid 'make-test' cycles enable formulation optimization in real-time based on arising clinical data, which reduces development risks, maximizes the probability of success, and saves time and costs. Key applications include: Accelerating molecules from FIH to proof of concept (POC) Selecting and optimizing clinical formulations Optimizing formulations to minimize injection site reactions Managing route switches from parenteral to alternative routes such as oral delivery Translational Pharmaceutics, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Peptide Drug Development Case Study: Stealth BioTherapeutics Read Case Study Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/development-stage/late-phase-IIb-III
Late Phase IIb-III Clinical Trial Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Late Stage: Phase IIb-III Clinical Trials How can you accelerate our program through late development? Contact Us Home Solutions By development stage Phase IIb / III Accelerate your clinical development with our research solutions. Loading... As late phase clinical studies can become complex, Quotient Sciences brings innovation and the expertise needed to minimize delays and mitigate risks in your program with our uniquely integrated approach. We are the only vendor you will need. Leverage our unique integrated capabilities and global network to accelerate your late clinical development stages At both our facilities in Reading, UK and Philadelphia in the US we have the specialist capabilities required for late stage manufacturing. Both of these facilities allow our customers to seamlessly scale-up their development programs from the early phases within our network of other global facilities. This allows our customers to accelerate their programs as their is no need to work with multiple vendors which can cause delays and increase costs. Why partnering with Quotient Sciences through Phase II to Phase III can accelerate your program We have the necessary expertise and understand that late phase clinical development trials must establish the effectiveness, safety, and cost-effectiveness of a product on a larger scale. We need to provide sufficient evidence and quality data, for the drug's market approval submission. We offer: An integrated scientific team with over 30 years of experience A faster, more cost-effective route to market We can shorten timelines by over 12 months Rapid, quality clinical data drives drug product optimization One vendor, streamlined outsourcing Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/development-stage/commercial
Commercial Launch & Supply Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Commercial Launch & Supply How can you accelerate our program through to commercial launch? Contact Us Home Solutions By development stage Commercial Accelerate the path from proof-of-concept to commercial launch. The path from proof-of-concept to commercial launch can be complex. Speed is critical, but it should not be at the expense of product quality. Quotient Sciences' offer commercial solutions tailored to the specific product and market needs. Drug product scale up and commercial launch We manufacture a range of dosage forms - from the simple to the complex – with a track-record of working with higher-value products that may require lower batch sizes in the market; such as those for oncology therapies, orphan/rare diseases, and pediatric indications. Getting you to commercial launch, fast We offer commercial manufacturing solutions tailored to the specific product and market needs. Rather than dictating minimum batch sizes to our customers, we partner with you to offer flexible, versatile manufacturing space, resource and scheduling to accommodate the needs of your individual project to deliver success. We have over 30 years of global experience, and are a trusted partner in providing the expertise to get life-saving medicines to patients, faster. At a Glance Unique integration offers rapid technology transfer and scale-up Our unique integrated approach makes it seamless to transfer technology from lab scale to pilot scale to commercial manufacturing. We can easily transfer existing products and processes from another contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO). Capabilities, quality, and experience dealing with HPAPIs Whether you need to manufacture a new commercial product or extend your commercial supply chain for an existing product, we have the experience and capabilities to help you overcome the challenges that highly potent APIs (HPAPIs) pose and minimize risk. State-of-the-art, FDA, EMA and PMD approved US and UK facilities Our global, state-of-the-art global facilities are ready for your pharmaceutical commercial manufacturing challenge. We support all aspects of Phase III clinical & commercial supply We can support all aspects of your drug product supply for Phase III clinical studies and commercial supply. That includes the manufacture of all oral drug product dosage forms in our US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-, European Medicines Agency (EMA)-, and Japanese Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA)-approved facilities. Simple to transfer existing products and processes from another CDMO We have expertise across all key areas; development, analytical, manufacturing, quality, and regulatory. We will help to mitigate risks and can seamlessly transfer existing products and processes, minimizing risk. Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/cphi-north-america
CPHI North America | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact CPHI North America Philadelphia | 7 May 2024 - 9 May 2024 Home Events CPHI North America Overview CPHI North America returns to Philadelphia where a global network of pharma professionals will connect. Connect with Quotient Sciences at booth 1420 to learn more about our expanded capabilities and how we can help you with your next project. We are pleased to have our expert drug development experts available to meet with you! Request a meeting Request a Meeting Request a Meeting Location Pennsylvania Convention Center 1101 Arch St, Philadelphia, PA, 19107 Philadelphia Register now: CPHI North America Meet our experts: We look forward to meeting you at CPHI North America in Philadelphia. Prasad Challapalli Senior Director of Product Development Based out of Philadelphia, Prasad provides strategic and scientific leadership to formulation development, business development, a... Contact Us Jamie Weishaar Global Commercial Lead, Drug Product Jamie is an experienced Business Development Executive leader specializing in Pharmaceutical Drug Development, including Contract ... Contact Us Daniel Dennehy Director Of Business Development Dan is an accomplished Business Development Director with over 10 years of experience in sales to healthcare, pharmaceutical, and ... Contact Us Tobi Williams Senior Director of Business Development Tobi is a Senior Director of Business Development whose role is to meet and assist drug development customers by completing Phase ... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/bio-integrates-2024
Bio Integrates 2024 | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Bio Integrates 2024 Cambridge, UK | 15 May 2024 Home Events Bio Integrates 2024 Overview Connect with our team of experts at Bio Integrates, taking place in Cambridge this May. Meet with our team and listen to our speaker, Valeria Ciarnelli, as she engages in the Bio Integrates panel discussion. Learn more about our extended capabilities and how we can support your drug development needs from start to finish. Please use the button below to request a meeting with one of our experts. Request a meeting Request a Meeting Request a Meeting Location Anglia Ruskin University East Road, CB1 1PT Cambridge, UK Register now: Bio Integrates 2024 Meet our expert: We look forward to meeting you at Bio Integrates in Cambridge. Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli Senior Director of Product Development Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli is a Senior Director of Product Development at Quotient Sciences, with responsibility for scientific program... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/ddf-europe-2024
DDF Europe 2024 | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact DDF Europe 2024 Berlin, Germany | 21 May 2024 - 23 May 2024 Home Events DDF Europe 2024 Overview Connect with us at DDF Europe this May! Meet with our team and speak to our experts to learn more about our extended capabilities and how we can support your drug development needs from start to finish. Please use the button below to request a meeting with one of our experts. Request a meeting Request a Meeting Request a Meeting Location Maritim proArte Hotel Friedrichstraße 151, Dorotheenstraße 65, 10117 Berlin, Germany Register now: DDF Europe 2024 Meet our experts: We look forward to meeting you at DDF Europe in Berlin. Dr. Andrew Parker Senior Drug Development Consultant Dr. Andrew Parker has two decades of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, spanning from preclinical development, through ear... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/psychedelic-therapeutics-drug-development-conference
Psychedelic Therapeutics & Drug Development Conference | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Psychedelic Therapeutics & Drug Development Conference Boston, MA, United States | 23 May 2024 - 24 May 2024 Home Events Psychedelic Therapeutics & Drug Development Conference Overview Connect with Quotient Sciences at the Psychedelic Therapeutics & Drug Development Conference. This event will highlight the progress being made towards regulatory approval of a variety of psychedelics with the potential to treat various conditions, including inflammatory/autoimmune disorders, brain injury, pain, PTSD, anxiety, ADHD, headaches, depression, and opioid use disorder. Visit us at this event and talk with one of our experts. If you would like to arrange dedicated time to speak with us, please complete the form below. Request a meeting Request a Meeting Request a Meeting Location Revere Hotel Boston Common 200 Stuart Street Boston, MA, United States Register now: Psychedelic Therapeutics & Drug Development Conference Meet our expert: We look forward to meeting you at the Psychedelic Therapeutics & Drug Development Conference in Boston. Daniel Dennehy Director Of Business Development Dan is an accomplished Business Development Director with over 10 years of experience in sales to healthcare, pharmaceutical, and ... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Vanessa Zann Scientific Poster Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/basel-seminar
Basel Seminar | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Basel Seminar Basel, Switzerland | 28 May 2024 Home Events Basel Seminar Overview Rationalizing the Preclinical-Clinical Hurdle – How to Overcome the Toxicology Exposure Challenge This seminar will explore navigating the preclinical to clinical transitions with a focus on addressing toxicology exposure challenges. Join our speakers Andrew Parker and Valeria Ciarnelli as we delve into regulatory framework and the needs of enabling technologies for poorly soluble molecules. In this presentation, Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli, Senior Director of Product Development, and Dr. Andrew Parker, Senior Drug Development Consultant, will discuss considerations when navigating the pre-clinical to clinical transition, delving into the regulatory expectations and the needs of enabling technologies for poorly soluble molecules, among other topics. Our speakers will review the solutions that our team have developed to help customers successfully navigate through development milestones, leveraging the Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. They will share rationale for assessing amorphous solid dispersions when compared with lipidics and size reduction, and show how these can be easily translated into fit-for-purpose, first-in-human (FIH) presentations suitable for oral administration and enabling dose escalation. Key learning objectives: How to identify the best development strategy, technology(s) and candidate(s), demonstrate solubility improvement and stability. Justify selection of prototypes as being suitable for testing in animals and potentially improving exposure to meet toxicology multiples required to justify entering a FIH study. Where to invest from early stage, modularity of the preclinical screen and how it can be refined based on your needs. Date/Agenda Location Tuesday, May 28, 2024 Arrival 10:30-11:00 AM Seminar 11:00-12:00 PM Lunch & Networking 12:00-1:00 PM Raddison Blu Hotel Steinentorstrasse 25, 4051 Basel, Switzerland Register now Register now Register Location Raddison Blu Hotel Steinentorstrasse 25, 4051 Basel, Switzerland Register now: Basel Seminar Meet our experts: We look forward to meeting you at our seminar taking place in Basel, Switzerland. David Ross Senior Director Business Development (Europe) David has over 18 years of career experience within the pharmaceutical industry across various disciplines, sectors, and therapeutic areas. Contact Us Dr. Andrew Parker Senior Drug Development Consultant Dr. Andrew Parker has two decades of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, spanning from preclinical development, through ear... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/cmc-strategies-manage-risks-associated-accelerated-submission-pathways
CMC Strategies to Manage the Risks Associated with Accelerated Submission Pathways | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact CMC Strategies to Manage the Risks Associated with Accelerated Submission Pathways 30 May 2024 Home Events CMC Strategies to Manage the Risks Associated with Accelerated Submission Pathways Overview There has been a growing need for the development of new treatments to address rare diseases, which often have limited or even no viable treatment options available. Since the signing of the Orphan Drug Act into law in the United States in 1983, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has given special consideration to companies, providing “Fast Track status,” awarding research grants, and providing other incentives when certain criteria are met. These offer advantages to streamline the development of new therapies to treat rare diseases, and similar standards also exist in the United Kingdom and European Union. The acceleration of the clinical program reduces overall drug development timelines, which can bring CMC challenges along the way. Join our speaker Dr. Asma Patel, Vice President of Integrated Development Services, as she delves into the different ways that global agencies have implemented accelerated regulatory pathways to expedite the development of novel therapies to treat serious diseases. Dr. Patel will discuss navigating the pathways for accelerated submission, exploring the regulatory framework as it relates to orphan drugs for rare diseases. She will discuss CMC strategies to manage the risks associated with accelerated submission pathways, up to and including the scale-up and commercial manufacturing of drug products. What you will learn: How to identify creative development strategies for accelerated submission pathways, from early clinical studies through to commercial launch. Unable to attend due to a scheduling conflict? Register now and we will share the content with you afterwards. Register now Register Register now Times May 30, 2024 8:00 AM PST, 11:00 AM EST, 3:00 PM GMT Register now: CMC Strategies to Manage the Risks Associated with Accelerated Submission Pathways Meet our speaker: Dr. Asma Patel VP, Integrated Development Services Dr. Asma Patel is VP of Integrated Development Services at Quotient Sciences. In this role, Asma is responsible for providing scie... About Asma More insight from our experts: Read More Pediatrics, Orphan Rare, Nazim Kanji How strong sponsor and CRO/CDMO partnerships help streamline orphan/rare and pediatric drug development By: Nazim Kanji Read More Modified Release, Formulation Development Streamlining the development of modified-release formulations Read More Scientific Innovation, Modified Release, Translational Pharmaceutics Drug Development Innovation: 3D printing of pharmaceutical dosage forms – has the time come? By: Dr. Asma Patel Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/bio-international-2024
BIO International 2024 | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact BIO International 2024 San Diego, CA, USA | 3 June 2024 - 6 June 2024 Home Events BIO International 2024 Overview Meet the Quotient Sciences team at the 2024 BIO International Convention. BIO is one of the largest events for biotechnology, with over 20,000 industry leaders from across the globe attending each year. Meet with our team to learn more about our extended capabilities and how we support your drug development needs from start to finish, with services for drug substance development and manufacturing coupled with clinical testing and drug product manufacturing capabilities through our industry-leading Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform for drug development . Stop by our kiosk in the UK Pavillion #2025 to meet with our team. Request a meeting For more information or assistance, you can also contact us directly by emailing events@quotientsciences.com . Request a meeting Request a meeting Location San Diego, CA, USA Register now: BIO International 2024 Meet our experts: We look forward to meeting you at BIO International in San Diego. Mariecris Madayag Director, Business Development With an innate passion for medicine, and science, and serving our greater society by driving clinical advancements in the pharmace... About Mariecris Drew Lawrence Business Development Director Drew is a Business Development Director whose role is to meet and assist drug development customers by completing Phase I clinical... Contact Us Brad Rowe Senior Director of Integrated Development Brad is a Senior Director of Integrated Development at Quotient Sciences. Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/psychedelics-drug-development-navigating-science-regulatory-outsourcing-landscape
Psychedelics Drug Development: Navigating the Science, Regulatory & Outsourcing Landscape | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Psychedelics Drug Development: Navigating the Science, Regulatory & Outsourcing Landscape 4 June 2024 Home Events Psychedelics Drug Development: Navigating the Science, Regulatory & Outsourcing Landscape Overview Over the past decade, there has been a surge of interest in psychedelics as a novel treatment choice for mental health conditions including depression and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) as well as for CNS conditions. Psychedelics are a class of psychoactive substances that produce changes in perception, mood, and cognitive processes. Growing evidence from scientific studies suggests that treatments that include a psychedelic such as psilocybin, N,N-dimethyltryptamine (DMT), lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD), ketamine derivatives and 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) could provide new choices for doctors and their patients to treat these conditions due to targeting different areas of the brain that current methods do not access. Navigating the development of these new classes of therapies can be complex. Learn more about these considerations from the perspective of a drug development accelerator (CRO/CDMO) and factors to keep in mind when selecting a partner for the development of your next psychedelics therapeutic in our next webinar. Join our speakers Richard Castledine, Head of Drug Substance and Translational Pharmaceutics Operations, Alan McNeill, Head of Isotope Labelling, and Mark Anstiss, Head of Drug Substance Production, as they delve into the many challenges faced in the development of psychedelic APIs, derivatives, and analogues. Dr. Castledine, Dr. McNeill, and Dr. Anstiss will explain how Quotient Sciences and our team of experts can support the development of your API and help you reach your development milestones in this exciting and fast-moving area. Key takeaways: How the development landscape has evolved with a recent resurgent interest in psychedelic compounds How to address challenges around scale up and 14C synthesis of psychedelic compounds How to operate compliantly with these compounds, and the related EH&S, legal, and regulatory considerations that must be considered How Quotient Sciences has applied its experience with compounds derived from and related to cannabinoids, psilocybin, and ketamine to the development of new therapies Who should attend: Professionals responsible for the development of small molecule psychedelic APIs at biotechnology start-ups and small/midsize pharmaceutical companies Outsourcing managers Drug development consultants Register now Register Register now Times June 4, 2024 7:00 AM PST 10:00 AM EST 3:00 PM GMT Register now: Psychedelics Drug Development: Navigating the Science, Regulatory & Outsourcing Landscape Meet our speakers: Dr. Mark Anstiss Head of Production, Drug Substance Synthesis Manufacturing Dr. Mark Anstiss has over 15 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and fine chemical and industries spanning Process Research ... Contact Us Dr. Alan McNeill Head of Isotope Labelling Dr. Alan McNeill is Head of the Isotope Labelling team at Quotient Sciences. Alan has 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical... Contact Us Richard Castledine Head of Drug Substance and Translational Pharmaceutics Operations Richard Castledine is Head of Drug Substance Operations at Quotient Sciences. He has 15 years of experience in the pharmaceutical ... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Drug Substance, PR&D, Careers, Alnwick A Day in the Life of a Process Research and Development (PR&D) Chemist By: Max Critchlow Read More Drug Substance How to Accelerate Your Molecule’s Pathway to IND and Beyond By: Eleanor Row Read More Read More Quotient Sciences are equipped to fully support your molecule’s journey from candidate selection to the clinic. We hold licenses for the supply, manufacture, and possession of Schedule 1 to 4 drugs and offer a comprehensive range of services. Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/accelerating-drug-product-optimization-using-translational-pharmaceutics
Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics Gaithersburg, MD, United States | 12 June 2024 Home Events Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics Overview Drug product optimization is a critical development step that is common for most drugs that are progressing through today’s development pipelines to respond to suboptimal exposure profiles, to transition from an early development formulation to one suitable for chronic administration in patients, or as part of a life-cycle management strategy. Traditional drug product optimization processes take 12-18 months to complete and place significant emphasis on the predictive power of laboratory and preclinical assessments. This approach is a non-optimal working model necessitated by the multiple disciplines required to develop, make and test new formulations in humans. In this presentation, Dr. Aruna Railkar, Senior Drug Development Consultant, will describe the application of Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics ® to re-engineer and streamline the drug product optimization process, using clinical data to improve decision-making and halve development timelines. Key learning objectives: Develop an understanding of Translational Pharmaceutics ® when applied to drug product optimization Hear case studies on reformulation programs Date/Agenda Location Wednesday, June 12, 2024 Registration & Networking 4:15-5:00 PM Seminar/Dinner 5:00-5:45 PM Q&A/Wrap Up 5:45-6:00 PM Copper Canyon Grill 100 Boardwalk Place Gaithersburg, MD 20878 Register now *We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to deny registration or remove any individual who is not a confirmed current or potential client/partner of Quotient Sciences. Register now Register Location Copper Canyon Grill 100 Boardwalk Place, Gaithersburg, MD 20878 Gaithersburg, MD, United States Register now: Accelerating Drug Product Optimization using Translational Pharmaceutics Meet our expert: We look forward to meeting you at our seminar taking place in Gaithersburg, MD. Dr. Aruna Railkar Senior Drug Development Consultant Dr. Aruna Railkar is a Senior Drug Development Consultant. She works in the areas of NCE screening, compound characterization and ... Contact Us More insight from our experts: Read More Formulation Development, Early Development, Drug Product Optimization, Late Development, Dr. Andrew Lewis Integrated Development Strategies, Part 2: Reformulating for clinical and commercial success By: Dr. Andrew Lewis Read More Biopharmaceutics, Early Development, Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development The Role of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More Integrated Programs, Drug Substance, Drug Product, Clinical Pharmacology, Candidate Development From Drug Substance to Drug Product to Clinic: Benefits of working with an integrated services provider By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/events/oxford-drug-development-workshop
Oxford Drug Development Workshop | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Oxford Drug Development Workshop Oxfordshire | 13 June 2024 Home Events Oxford Drug Development Workshop Overview Join us for an insightful seminar taking place at Milton Park Oxford. At Quotient Sciences, we strive to deliver a full-service drug development offering that meets the needs of the industry and our customers. The purpose of this event is to connect with you to ensure that we are aligned and aware of the challenges that you are facing and to get your input on the needs, drivers and service gaps that exist in the CDMO/CRO sector to better support you. In this presentation, Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli, Senior Director of Product Development, and Dr. Andrew Parker, Senior Drug Development Consultant, will discuss considerations when navigating the pre-clinical to clinical transition, delving into the regulatory expectations and the needs of enabling technologies for poorly soluble molecules, among other topics. Our speakers will review the solutions that our team have developed to help customers successfully navigate through development milestones, leveraging the Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. They will share rationale for assessing amorphous solid dispersions when compared with lipidics and size reduction, and show how these can be easily translated into fit-for-purpose, first-in-human (FIH) presentations suitable for oral administration and enabling dose escalation. Key learning objectives: How to identify the best development strategy, technology(s) and candidate(s), demonstrate solubility improvement and stability. Justify selection of prototypes as being suitable for testing in animals and potentially improving exposure to meet toxicology multiples required to justify entering a FIH study. Where to invest from early stage, modularity of the preclinical screen and how it can be refined based on your needs. Register now Date/Agenda Location Thursday, June 13, 2024 Registration 10-10:30 AM Presentation 10:30-11:30 AM Networking & Lunch 11:30-1 PM Bee House 140 Eastern Avenue Milton Park, Oxfordshire OX14 4SB Register now *We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to deny registration or remove any individual who is not a confirmed current or potential client/partner of Quotient Sciences. Register Register now Times Registration 10-10:30 AM Presentation 10:30-11:30 AM Networking & Lunch 11:30-1 PM Location Bee House 140 Eastern Avenue, Milton Park, OX14 4SB Oxfordshire Register now: Oxford Drug Development Workshop Meet our experts: We look forward to meeting you at our Drug Development Workshop in Oxford. Dr. Andrew Parker Senior Drug Development Consultant Dr. Andrew Parker has two decades of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, spanning from preclinical development, through ear... Contact Us Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli Senior Director of Product Development Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli is a Senior Director of Product Development at Quotient Sciences, with responsibility for scientific program... Contact Us Charlotte Hannigan Associate Director, Business Development With a chemistry background, I have technical and commercial experience in the pharmaceutical industry, spanning a range of discip... About Charlotte More insight from our experts: Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Read More Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Read More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/dr-vanessa-zann-pharmaceutical-technology-contribution
Dr. Vanessa Zann discusses biopharmaceutics with Pharmaceutical Technology | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Dr. Vanessa Zann discusses biopharmaceutics with Pharmaceutical Technology Articles & Publications , Dr. Vanessa Zann Dr. Vanessa Zann discusses biopharmaceutics with Pharmaceutical Technology By: Dr. Vanessa Zann What is biopharmaceutics and how does it fit into the field of pharmaceutical drug development? Quotient Sciences Dr. Vanessa Zann, Senior Drug Development Consultant speaks with Pharmaceutical Technology. Quotient Sciences has over 30 years of helping pharma and biotech customers in accelerating the development and optimization of drug products. Dr. Zann's article examines biopharmaceutics which looks at the fundamental properties of the drug, dosage form, and the route of administration on the rate and extent of systemic drug absorption. Read Dr. Zann's article in Pharmaceutical Technology Our team of chemists and scientists review the properties of each drug candidate that we work with to develop formulations that improve the exposure profile of the compound. This is the key to understanding the biopharmaceutic properties of the compound. Contact us today to learn more about how we can apply our biopharmaceutics know-how to your next program. Meet the author: Dr. Vanessa Zann Share: Latest news Articles & Publications, Dr. Paul Quigley Outsourcing Pharma: Paul Quigley on going with the flow in drug substance manufacturing By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Clinical Trials, Articles & Publications Nick McEntee: Getting Clinical Trial Materials Manufacturing Right - Contract Pharma By: Nick McEntee Learn more Articles & Publications, Eleanor Row 3 Key Trends Shaping Our Industry: Contract Pharma Thought Leadership Feature with Eleanor Row By: Eleanor Row Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/does-partnering-fully-integrated-services-provider-really-improve-your-molecules-chances
Partnering With An Integrated Provider For Commercial Success | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Does partnering with a fully integrated services provider really improve your molecule’s chances of clinical and commercial success? Translational Pharmaceutics Does partnering with a fully integrated services provider really improve your molecule’s chances of clinical and commercial success? By: Dr. Peter Scholes Selecting the right outsourcing partner for your drug development program is an extremely complex process. Within the pharmaceutical industry today, drug developers are increasingly outsourcing pre-clinical development, clinical research, and drug product manufacturing to external contract service providers (contract development and manufacturing organizations [ CDMO ] and contract research organizations [ CRO ]). While this can provide benefits, such as the ability to leverage external expertise and technologies, it can be challenging for the drug developer to manage multiple vendors, projects can be slow to start, disconnects can lead to delayed timelines, and it can be extremely costly. This points to a need for a simplified outsourcing model. How does an integrated services model accelerate drug development? Traditionally, the pharmaceutical industry has been structured around functional silos. In a conventional outsourcing approach, a sponsor has to split their drug development program between one or more CDMOs and a separate CRO. This places the project management burden on the sponsor, creates gaps in the development timeline, and limits knowledge and material sharing. Ultimately, this restricts productivity, slows down the drug development process, and is costly for the sponsor. At Quotient Sciences, we have the unique ability to integrate drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing activities all under one organization and a single program manager. This unique platform is called Translational Pharmaceutics ® , and it breaks down traditional industry silos to accelerate molecules through development. This streamlined approach seamlessly supports our customers’ programs across the entire drug development pathway, from candidate selection through to commercialization. How does Quotient Sciences’ unique Translational Pharmaceutics platform work? Translational Pharmaceutics employs rapid ‘make-test’ cycles, where drug products are manufactured, released, and dosed in a clinical study in days rather than months, shortening the time to decision-making human data. Emerging clinical results inform formulation composition selections in real-time, maximizing the potential for success by avoiding the risk of relying on up-front, non-predictive surrogate tools. We have also integrated drug substance activities into our platform, further streamlining early development activities. Precious active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) material can be conserved and critical path activities can be minimized when supplying materials for Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) toxicology and first-in-human (FIH) clinical studies. Our expertise in understanding the scientific dependencies between drug substance properties, formulation design, and clinical outcomes therefore enables us to enhance development efficiency. By closely aligning drug substance, drug product manufacturing, and clinical testing workflows, this encourages close relationships between multidisciplinary experts and creates a more agile approach to pharmaceutical development. The addition of drug substance into our integrated platform enables us to shorten the time from candidate development to FIH, accelerate molecules from FIH to proof of concept (POC), select and optimize clinical formulations, and accelerate products to commercial manufacturing. What sets Quotient Sciences apart from other contract service providers? Many contract service providers claim that they provide fully integrated solutions, but in reality, that is not the case. Quotient Sciences is currently the only outsourcing partner able to offer sponsors the ability to manufacture, release, and dose under one organization. Translational Pharmaceutics has a long-standing history and proven track record of delivering integrated programs in the US and the UK. The unique platform is approved by the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) and the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), and it has been used by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies on over 500 drug programs. We also have over 200 scientific publications on the topic in the public domain. Why does proven, in-house expertise really matter? As an organization, Quotient Sciences has over 30 years of experience in drug substance, drug product development, and clinical testing. This year, we celebrate 15 years of Translational Pharmaceutics and the design and delivery of integrated programs based on the unique needs of our customers’ molecules. Our highly skilled scientists and cross-functional teams work closely together and share knowledge and materials for the duration of a project. Each cross-functional project team is overseen by a single program manager, who seamlessly manages the end-to-end process, provides regular status updates, and ensures timely project delivery for our customers. We work with clients of all sizes, from small biotechnology companies to large pharmaceutical companies, tailoring our services to meet their specific project goals. What are the different applications of Translational Pharmaceutics? Translational Pharmaceutics has been used by customers across the whole of the development life cycle, to develop new chemical entities and manage the life cycle of existing commercial products. Translational Pharmaceutics can assist at each development phase, including: closely aligning workflows around drug substance synthesis, formulation development, drug product manufacturing, and clinical testing to shorten the time from candidate development to FIH accelerating molecules from FIH to POC in patients selecting and optimizing clinical formulations based on human data accelerating products to commercial manufacturing and launch. While the majority of studies have been performed for oral molecules, the platform has been used for all routes of delivery, including: parenteral (intravenous, subcutaneous, and intramuscular) inhaled (pulmonary and nasal) topical ocular. For complex molecules, key technologies for oral delivery that can been applied include: solubility and bioavailability enhancement (for example, via particle size reduction, amorphous dispersions, and lipidic systems) modified-release formulations (for example, matrix tablets, coated tablets/multiparticulates for sustained/delayed release, and gastroretentive technologies) taste-masking strategies for pediatric dosage forms. What are the overall time and cost-saving benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics? In 2020, Quotient Sciences commissioned the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) to conduct a study comparing completed Translational Pharmaceutics programs to benchmarked industry drug development timelines. The study concluded that for programs utilizing Translational Pharmaceutics, on average, development timelines were reduced by over 12 months, delivering financial gains of more than $200 million per approved new drug through a combination of reduced R&D costs and earlier access to commercial sales. What is next for Translational Pharmaceutics? In February 2022, a year after the acquisition of our Alnwick, UK , site, Quotient Sciences announced the integration of drug substance into the Translational Pharmaceutics platform. By having both drug substance and drug product manufacturing activities under one organization, we can now deliver integrated chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) development activities for both pre-clinical and clinical studies in parallel, simplifying the supply chain and shortening the time from candidate selection to clinic by a further 3–6 months. As we look to the future, Quotient Sciences will continue to bring on new services that further integrate drug development and streamline the outsourcing needs of our customers. For more information about Quotient Sciences’ fully integrated Translational Pharmaceutics platform, click here . Meet the author: Dr. Peter Scholes Share: Latest blogs Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Learn more Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Vanessa Zann Scientific Poster Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/how-integrated-approach-can-accelerate-development-complex-drug-programs
Integrated Approach to Complex Drug Programs | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog How an integrated approach can accelerate the development of complex drug programs Translational Pharmaceutics How an integrated approach can accelerate the development of complex drug programs By: Dr. Aruna Railkar All drug development programs are challenging, given the numerous stages an active lead molecule or new chemical entity (NCE) must transition through to gain regulatory approval and demonstrate its benefits in patients. For complex programs that require specialized formulation expertise, such as solubility enhancement, modified release, or pediatric development, the challenges in achieving clinical and commercial success are even greater. At Quotient Sciences, our scientific teams leverage our fully integrated capabilities, along with over 30 years of drug development expertise, to support our customers with challenging drug programs. Using our unique Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform, we fully integrate drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing within a single organization and under a single program manager, which enables us to accelerate molecules from candidate development through to commercial product manufacturing. This approach can aid formulation design with the ability to screen a range of technologies and dosage forms using biorelevant in-vitro screening tools and physiologically based in-silico models to flag developability problems, before quickly transitioning drug candidates into human pharmacokinetic (PK) studies to understand a molecule’s full potential for success. In this piece, we highlight case studies that explore how Translational Pharmaceutics has been applied to help overcome formulation challenges in complex drug programs and discuss the best strategies and technologies to quickly and cost-effectively get new medicines to patients in need. Case study 1: Formulation development and screening of solubility-enhancing formulations using Translational Pharmaceutics Poor aqueous solubility, leading to solubility-limited exposure, has been recognized as a major challenge in the development and evaluation of NCEs during early discovery, pre-clinical, and clinical development stages. There are various formulation strategies to improve solubility, with the primary goal of improving oral bioavailability. At Quotient Sciences, our approach to solubility enhancement is based on an understanding of molecular properties, using the Developability Classification System (DCS) to choose the most appropriate formulation approach for a molecule. By understanding the drivers of poor exposure to a drug, formulation efforts can be focused on appropriate techniques to provide meaningful improvements for in-vivo performance. We have the capability to evaluate chemical modifications, such as salt and polymorph screening, and physical modifications, such as particle size reduction, complexation, solubilization using a lipid-based approach, and stabilization using amorphous forms. With Quotient Sciences’ integrated service offerings from the drug substance to the clinic, solubility enhancement can be addressed at the drug substance and drug product stage. This case study (1) involves a poorly soluble NCE facing challenges of low oral exposure, non-linear PK, high variability, and a large positive food effect in the first-in-human (FIH) study. These issues were preventing the client from advancing the compound into patient studies. To overcome these challenges, drug products based on three solubility-enhancing formulation platforms were developed: a micronized formulation using particle size reduction of the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API), a self-emulsifying drug delivery system using a lipid-based formulation, and an amorphous formulation using a spray-dried dispersion. These drug products were produced on a small scale for quick clinical assessment in human subjects without the need to conduct larger-scale, cost-prohibitive process development and lengthy stability programs for multiple technologies. In Part 1 of the study, the Translational Pharmaceutics platform enabled the integration of clinical manufacturing and dosing in healthy volunteers using a six-period cross-over design to obtain comparative human PK data from the three enabling formulations. In Part 2 of the study, higher doses were administered to establish safety margins for patient studies, and dose linearity was determined based on the area under the curve (AUC). By using the Translational Pharmaceutics approach of integrating solubility-enhancing formulation development, clinical manufacturing, and testing in humans, a new lead formulation was identified in a short timeframe of about 6 months, which overcame the solubility barriers and enabled progression of the compound into patient studies. Case study 2: Formulation development and optimization of a modified-release (MR) dosage form to meet the target product profile (TPP) using Translational Pharmaceutics Numerous formulation strategies are available for designing MR dosage forms. One of the key challenges when developing an MR formulation is to identify the in-vivo release rate and dose required to achieve the TPP. While in-vitro dissolution data are generated to describe formulation release, the assumption that this will represent in-vivo performance is unproven until clinical data are available. Often, with MR formulations, a reduction in overall exposure (AUC) is observed when delivering to lower regions in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract, where absorption can be reduced. Contributing factors include reduced fluid volumes (for dissolution and solubilization), and surface area, and differing permeability. Similarly, there are recognized challenges and risks of using pre-clinical models to design MR formulations due to significant inter-species anatomical and physiological differences. The use of Translational Pharmaceutics, which combines formulation development, clinical manufacturing, and testing in humans, is extremely valuable in identifying the optimal platform, dose, and release rate to meet the TPP of specific molecules of interest. In one case study, an NCE in development for the treatment of inflammatory diseases was being dosed twice a day (BID) or three times a day (TID) during early trials due to a short half-life and a slower terminal phase. The client wanted to develop a once-a-day (QD) product to increase patient compliance and therapeutic outcomes. The TPP had a lower peak-to-trough ratio compared to the immediate-release (IR) product and coverage of the lowest efficacious concentration over the desired duration. Matrix-based MR dosage forms were proposed to reduce the dosing frequency. At Quotient Sciences, we carried out two studies to achieve these objectives. In the first study, matrix minitablets in capsule or monolithic matrix tablets were developed and evaluated using in-vitro dissolution rates of 80% release over 8 and 12 hours. While a QD PK profile was achieved in the fasted state with the slower in-vitro dissolution rate with both types of matrix-based drug products, the formulation was susceptible to a food effect when administered with a high-fat meal. This resulted in most of the exposure occurring within the first 12 hours of dosing, which is not optimal for QD dosing. The second study built on the results of the first study and was designed to evaluate a proprietary technology platform, DiffCORE™, from the client, with the goal of overcoming the food effect. The use of Translational Pharmaceutics enabled the evaluation of multiple variables in this two-part adaptive clinical study, including formulation modifications, food effect, and dose levels/tablet strengths. Flexibility was maximized by the inclusion of a two-dimensional formulation design space in the regulatory submission, which allowed quantitative changes in release rate and dosing during the clinical study to achieve the desired PK profile. This integrated Translational Pharmaceutics approach allowed multiple formulation iterations to be tested in the same individuals in both the fed and fasted state within a short timeframe, resulting in rapid identification of the most optimal formulation enabling QD dosing (2). Case study 3: Pediatric formulation development, taste assessment, and relative bioavailability evaluation using Translational Pharmaceutics Developing a suitable formulation is a critical requirement for drug development programs with potential pediatric indications. As young children may have difficulty swallowing tablets and capsules, special dosage forms may need to be developed depending on the age of the target population. Liquid formulations such as solutions or suspensions, multiparticulates such as granules (dispersible, dissolvable powder), or minitablets are the formulations of choice. However, the taste of these formulations needs to be considered to ensure patient compliance. Developing formulations for a pediatric population requires special consideration of the excipients. Certain excipients that are acceptable in adult dosage forms may not be acceptable in pediatric dosage forms. Depending on the age and indication, some patients may require enteral feeding by tube, so compatibility with the dosing units is an important consideration. When a medication is designed to be administered with or sprinkled on food/juices, compatibility and stability with food and taste-masking becomes critical, and suitable flavors and sweeteners may need to be a key component of the dosage form. In one case study, the client wanted to develop an oral suspension formulation as a potential pediatric formulation for patients aged 3 months to 12 years (3). The goal was to select and identify a suitable, novel oral suspension formulation, with an optimal flavor and/or sweetener combination to improve palatability in the target population. At Quotient Sciences, using an integrated Translational Pharmaceutics program, we carried out a two-part study to achieve these objectives. Part 1 of the study was designed to profile the taste characteristics of the API and identify a suitable flavor system. Five formulations with different flavor and sweetener combinations were compared to the reference drug suspension. Taste assessments were performed by administering formulations using the sip-and-spit technique 30 minutes apart with palate cleansing in between. The subjects filled out a questionnaire (immediately after each sip-and-spit part) to rate the overall acceptability and seven key taste characteristics (smell, sweetness, bitterness, flavor, mouth feel/texture, grittiness, and aftertaste) on a nine-point Likert scale. Statistical analysis of the data enabled the selection of the optimal formulation. Part 2 of the clinical study enabled a relative bioavailability assessment of the suspension formulation identified in Part 1 compared to the reference adult formulation (oral tablet). Quotient Sciences has pioneered the integration of formulation development incorporating taste-masking strategies, Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing, and taste assessment and PK studies to meet the expectations of regulators and patients. Using this integrated Translational Pharmaceutics approach, the client was able to seamlessly enter pediatric clinical trials with a palatable drug product in a time- and cost-effective manner. Summary By integrating drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing activities, Translational Pharmaceutics has been proven to accelerate molecules through development. This streamlined approach seamlessly supports our customers’ programs across the full development lifecycle, from candidate development to commercial products. Key applications include: fast-tracking molecules from FIH to proof of concept (POC) development and optimization of clinical formulations, including solubility enhancement, modified release, and pediatric dosage forms lifecycle management of late-stage and marketed products evaluation of novel drug delivery technologies for all routes of administration. The major benefit of utilizing Translational Pharmaceutics, which was quantified in a recent study published by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD), is significant time and cost savings in reaching key milestones as quickly and efficiently as possible. On average, development timelines are reduced by over 12 months, delivering financial gains of more than $200 million per approved new drug through a combination of reduced R&D costs and earlier access to commercial sales. This enables better decision-making based on human data and more streamlined outsourcing. We are currently the only outsourcing partner able to offer the ability to develop, manufacture, release, and dose drug products within one organization. This maximizes the probability of success and significantly reduces development time and costs for our customers, getting new medicines to patients faster (4). For more information about Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics platform, click here . References 1\. Zann V, McKenzie L, Crowley K, Sweet-Smith S, Shabir-Ahmed A, Andreas K, Mountfield R, Milton A. A Phase I Study Allowing Clinical Screening of Multiple Solubility-Enhancement Formulation Technologies, and an Assessment of Food, PPI and Dose Linearity Assessment with the Selected Formulation of BOS172767, in Healthy Volunteers. Poster presented at AAPS meeting, November 2019. 2\. Tompson D, Whitaker M, Pan R, Johnson G, Fuller T, Zann V, McKenzie L, Abbott-Banner K, Hawkins S, Powell M. Development of a Once‑Daily Modified‑Release Formulation for the Short Half‑Life RIPK1 Inhibitor GSK2982772 using DiffCORE™ Technology. Pharm. Res. 2022;39(4).doi.org/10.1007/s11095-021-03124-7. 3\. Willson A, Beville M, Schueller O, Regev G, Singh N, Kanji N. Taste Assessment Study of Belumosudil to Inform an Integrated Paediatric Formulation Development Program. Poster presented at EuPFI, September 2021. 4\. DiMasi J and Wilkinson M. The Financial Benefits of Faster Development Times: Integrated Formulation Development, Real-Time Manufacturing, and Clinical Testing. TIRS, June 2020. Meet the author: Dr. Aruna Railkar Share: Latest blogs Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Learn more Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Vanessa Zann Scientific Poster Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/terms-website-use
Terms of Website Use | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Terms of Website Use Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Terms of Website Use PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE These terms tell you the rules for using our website www.quotientsciences.com (our site). Please note if you use our volunteer website www.weneedyou.co.uk then separate terms apply which can be found on that site. WHO WE ARE AND HOW TO CONTACT US www.quotientsciences.com is a site operated by Quotient Sciences Limited (”We”). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 05221615 and have our registered office at Trent House Mere Way, Ruddington Fields Business Park, Ruddington, Nottingham, NG11 6JS, England. To contact us, please telephone our customer service line on +44 115 974 9000. BY USING OUR SITE YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site. We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference. THERE ARE OTHER TERMS THAT MAY APPLY TO YOU These terms of use refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our site: • Our Privacy Policy , which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate. • Our Cookie Policy , which sets out information about the cookies on our site. WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO THESE TERMS We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time. These terms were most recently updated on 21.12.2017. WE MAY MAKE CHANGES TO OUR SITE We may update and change our site from time to time to reflect our users’ needs and our business priorities. WE MAY SUSPEND OR WITHDRAW OUR SITE Our site is made available free of charge. We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them. Our site is directed to people residing in the United Kingdom. We do not represent that content available on or through our site is appropriate for use or available in other locations. HOW YOU MAY USE MATERIAL ON OUR SITE We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged. You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors. If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. PROHIBITED USES You may use our site only for lawful purposes. You may not use our site: • In any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation. • In any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect. • To knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware. You also agree: • Not to reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of our site in contravention of the other provisions of these terms of website use. • Not to access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt: • any part of our site; • any equipment or network on which our site is stored; • any software used in the provision of our site; or • any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party. BREACH OF THIS POLICY When we consider that a breach of this acceptable use policy has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate. Failure to comply with this acceptable use policy constitutes a material breach of these terms upon which you are permitted to use our site, and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions: • Immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our site. • Issue of a warning to you. • Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach. • Further legal action against you. • Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary or as required by law. We exclude our liability for all action we may take in response to breaches of this acceptable use policy. The actions we may take are not limited to those described above, and we may take any other action we reasonably deem appropriate. DO NOT RELY ON INFORMATION ON THIS SITE The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR WEBSITES WE LINK TO Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. OUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR LOSS OR DAMAGE SUFFERED BY YOU Whether you are a consumer or a business user: We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation. If you are a business user: • We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it. • We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with: • use of, or inability to use, our site; or • use of or reliance on any content displayed on our site. • In particular, we will not be liable for: • loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue; • business interruption; • loss of anticipated savings; • loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or • any indirect or consequential loss or damage. If you are a consumer user: Please note that we only provide our site for business use. You agree not to use our site for any domestic and private use, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR VIRUSES AND YOU MUST NOT INTRODUCE THEM We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software. You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately. RULES ABOUT LINKING TO OUR SITE You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you. Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page . We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in these terms. If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact us at: Chief Compliance Officer, Trent House Mere Way, Ruddington Fields Business Park, Ruddington, Nottingham, NG11 6JS, England. WHICH COUNTRY’S LAWS APPLY TO ANY DISPUTES? If you are a business, these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. If you are a consumer, please note that these terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/legal/cookies
Cookies Policy | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Cookies Policy Home Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Cookies Policy Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. We use the following cookies: Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services. Analytical and performance cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies. From our website, you may also choose to opt out of cookies or adjust your preferences using the consent banner at any time. You may also adjust your web browser settings to block cookies. If you choose to do either of these, you may not be able to access all or parts of our website. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics/drug-product-optimization
Drug Product Optimization | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Product Optimization Unique and innovative formulations help our customers achieve their drug program goals. Find out about our rapid formulation optimization programs. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics Drug Product Optimization Rapid 'Make-Test' cycles enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics®. Today, most new drugs require some formulation optimization during development, to help transition from early development formulation to one suitable for administration, or as part of a lifecycle management strategy. We are uniquely placed to help you. Strategies for rapid drug product formulation development and clinical testing Drug product optimization is a common step for drugs moving through development pipelines. Most new drugs require some formulation change during their development, whether to respond to suboptimal exposure profiles, to transition from an early development formulation to one suitable for administration in patients, or as part of a life-cycle management strategy. Leveraging the benefits of our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to accelerate your program Quotient Sciences’ unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform can be applied to design, manufacture, and obtain clinical data on new formulations in an accelerated timeframe. Multiple formulations can be screened, with emerging data informing the product evaluated in the next dosing period of a crossover clinical study in a 2–3-week "make-test" cycle. Use Translational Pharmaceutics® to rapidly optimize NCE's or existing drugs Translational Pharmaceutics® can be applied to drug product optimization efforts for both new chemical entities (NCEs) and during the life-cycle management of existing drugs. It also allows for the unique inclusion of a formulation design space in initial regulatory submissions and clinical protocols to iteratively optimize the quantitative composition of critical-to-performance excipients and dosage strengths relative to clinical performance. Our unique approach to drug product optimization: Saves time by reducing the chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) data package needed for your clinical assessments Maximizes flexibility by allowing you to fine-tune formulation compositions Increases the potential for success by facilitating decisions based on clinical data Conserves the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) by removing drug product scale-up from the critical path Translational Pharmaceutics® has supported our customers through: Evaluation and selection of solubilization technologies • Optimization of modified-release systems Improvement of taste, palatability, and acceptability for pediatric indications Changing routes of delivery Development of combination products Understanding quality by design (QbD) of product and process variables What our customers say Our team works with our customers to design a customized program to deliver your objectives in the most timely and cost-efficient way. We have completed more than 300 formulation optimization programs, involving the clinical evaluation of more than 1,000 formulations. We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/challenges-and-opportunities-pediatric-dosage-pt-1
Pediatric Drug Development - Part 1 | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog The challenges and opportunities of Pediatric Dosage Form Development: Part 1 - Program Design and Formulation Development Pediatrics , Formulation Development The challenges and opportunities of Pediatric Dosage Form Development: Part 1 - Program Design and Formulation Development By: Nazim Kanji The number of licensed pediatric drug treatments on the market for children continues to remain substantially less than those for adults. Over the last 15-20 years, global regulatory bodies have placed a greater priority on the development of age-appropriate pediatric dosage forms to improve and protect children’s health a,b,c . A combination of unmet patient needs, regulatory incentives, and potential penalties has now driven a significant upturn in industrial research to develop new pediatric medicines. There are many important factors to keep in mind when developing a pediatric dosage form and the requirements can differ greatly from drug products designed for adult use d,e . Development scientists must consider the route of administration, the safety profile, overall taste and palatability, the child’s age, weight, physiological condition, and the overall treatment plan. All of these key points must be balanced appropriately to successfully develop an acceptable pediatric product that achieves clinical, regulatory, and commercial success. Arguably, however, the greatest industry challenge remains a lack of clarity and guidance on how these development objectives can be successfully met. In Part 1 of this two-part blog piece, Quotient’s Executive Director of Pediatric Services, Nazim Kanji, will cover key considerations in pediatric program design and formulation development strategies that sponsors should take into account if they want to successfully bridge from initial concept into later stages of development and through to commercialization. Program design and target product profile (TPP) The initial stage is to understand the TPP for the intended pediatric population(s) and the associated challenges and risks. The following factors should be considered: Drug-related factors such as dose, solubility, particle size, taste, and palatability Formulation-related factors including stability/shelf-life requirements, preservative systems, pH, and excipient selection for the target age group Patient-related factors such as age range, delivery route, administration methods, co-administration with foodstuffs, and container closure systems Clinical and regulatory factors including dose extrapolation from adult clinical data, posology, and target pharmacokinetic (PK) profile Formulation development The next stage is to conduct formulation studies to develop dosage forms in line with the TPP. Liquid dosage forms (solutions or suspensions) can offer flexibility in dosing across the target age groups from neonates through to adolescents by adjusting the volume delivered. A liquid dosage form can be manufactured as a ready-to-use, bulk formulation or as a powder for reconstitution with a shorter in-use shelf life. Mini tablets also offer dose flexibility and are suitable across a wide age range. As interest in mini tablets has grown, their acceptability in younger patients, including neonates, has been demonstrated when co-administered with soft foods or a beverage f . Other common formats for pediatric patients include powder-based systems such as granules and multiparticulates, often co-administered with food, and portable dose formats such as chewable tablets and orodispersible tablets/mini tablets which can be administered without water. Excipients used in pediatric formulations must be carefully selected and quantities justified as some excipients may cause adverse effects in children due to differing physiology to adults. For example, the preservative benzoic acid and its sodium salt may increase neonatal jaundice. The aim of the formulation scientist should be to minimize the quantity and levels of such components in a pediatric formulation. To mask any adverse taste properties that could impact patient palatability and compliance, the formulator may have to consider alternative taste-masking strategies such as flavor or sweetener combinations, complexation or barrier coatings. Understanding the risks and challenges that your molecule poses in the initial stage of program design plays a key role in developing a formulation that meets the needs of your pediatric patients and global regulatory agencies and that will ensure downstream success. In Part 2, Nazim Kanji will discuss the challenges and opportunities that sponsors face when dealing with clinical taste/acceptability assessments, clinical supply chains for patient trials, and commercial-scale manufacturing. Click here to read Part 2: Taste/PK Assessments, Clinical Supplies and Commercial Manufacturing For more information, take a look at our pediatrics capabilities or contact us . References a. Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act; 2002 b. Pediatric Research Equity Act; 2003 c. Regulation (EC) No 1901/2006 on medicinal products for paediatric use (“Paediatric Regulation”); 2007 d. European Medicines Agency (EMA) CHMP. Reflection Paper: Formulations of choice for the paediatric population. EMEA/CHMP/PEG/194810/2005; 2006 e. European Medicines Agency (EMA) CHMP. Guideline on pharmaceutical development of medicines for paediatric use. EMA/CHMP/QWP/805880/2012 Rev. 2; 2014 f. Klingmann V, Acceptability of mini-tablets in young children: results from three prospective cross-over studies. AAPS PharmSciTech 2017; 18(2): 263-266 Meet the author: Nazim Kanji Share: Latest blogs Pediatrics, Orphan Rare, Nazim Kanji How strong sponsor and CRO/CDMO partnerships help streamline orphan/rare and pediatric drug development By: Nazim Kanji Learn more Inhalation, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized from Amorphous API in a Low-Dose Dry Powder Formulation Used for Inhalation Learn more Formulation Development, Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/inhaled-development
Inhaled Drug Product Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Inhaled Drug Product Development Developing an inhaled drug product? Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Inhaled Development Leverage our integrated capabilities in nasal and pulmonary delivery. Loading... Quotient Sciences has expertise in the development and manufacturing of inhaled drug products over the last four decades. We support a range of drug delivery platforms including dry powder inhalers (DPIs) and solutions/suspensions for inhalation. Integrated capabilities proven to accelerate molecules for our customers Our integrated capabilities and knowledge of nasal and pulmonary delivery, helps our customers accelerate their molecules from first-in-human, through to proof-of-concept and into full development. Nasal and pulmonary delivery Our extensive expertise and capabilities for nasal and pulmonary delivery include: Preformulation and API characterisation Formulation and process development Inhaled device evaluation and selection Clinical manufacturing and supply (Phase I-III) Clinical pharmacology assessments Processing and analytical equipment We have a wide range of processing and analytical equipment to support the development and manufacture of inhaled drug products: Spray drying Micronization Blending and encapsulation Aerosol characterization Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com?category=47&field_publish_date=All&keyword=&page=0
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com?category=47&field_publish_date=All&keyword=&page=1
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com?category=47&field_publish_date=All&keyword=&page=2
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-dr-andrew-lewis-receives-2024-distinguished-service-award-controlled-release
Quotient Sciences’ Dr. Andrew Lewis Receives 2024 Distinguished Service Award from Controlled Release Society (CRS) | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences’ Dr. Andrew Lewis Receives 2024 Distinguished Service Award from Controlled Release Society (CRS) Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences’ Dr. Andrew Lewis Receives 2024 Distinguished Service Award from Controlled Release Society (CRS) Dr. Andrew Lewis, Quotient Sciences’ Chief Scientific Officer, has been recognized by the Controlled Release Society (CRS) as a recipient of the 2024 Distinguished Service Award. CRS established the award in 1994 to recognize CRS members who have exhibited exceptional commitment and service to the organization. Winners are selected by the CRS Board of Directors, composed of senior leaders and executives from academia and the pharmaceutical and biotech industry. An award ceremony will take place in July at the annual CRS global meeting in Bologna, Italy. The Distinguished Service Award is not automatically given each year to a CRS member but only in cases where an exceptional member fits the criteria for having given sustained and outstanding service. Several factors determine a person’s eligibility for the award, including the person’s contributions to the development of high-impact, sustainable initiatives for the organization, the understanding and delivery of science and technology to various audiences, and the enhancement of the organization’s global membership and reach. “Since its inception, the CRS has established itself as a world-leading organization for delivery science, providing forums for collaboration and knowledge sharing that have led to the development of many products that improve the quality of life of people globally,” said Dr. Lewis. “I am honored and humbled to be recognized for my contribution and thank the CRS for this award.” Dr. Lewis has been a member of CRS for 20 years and has actively contributed to its development on a range of initiatives, including the Membership Committee, Scientific Advisory Board, and two tenures on the Board of Directors as Director-at-Large and most recently as Secretary. Read the official announcement here . Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/pharma-innovation-awards-2023-flowinova-platform-api-development
Quotient Sciences Recognized in the Pharma Innovation Awards 2023 | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Recognized in the Pharma Innovation Awards 2023 Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Recognized in the Pharma Innovation Awards 2023 The Pharma Innovation Awards 2023 recognizes Quotient Sciences’ FlowInova platform with an award for its ability to streamline the scale-up process for early-phase API development. Born out of a collaboration with the University of Nottingham, the FlowInova platform utilizes high-throughput experimentation and modeling. As data accumulates and process knowledge grows, predictive process models enable virtual design of experiments, ultimately enhancing the overall efficiency and effectiveness of the development process. This significantly reduces the time and material quantities required for scale-up within a laboratory setting. This translates to accelerated drug substance API development timelines, cost savings, and greater productivity for drugmakers. Read the feature article on Pharma Manufacturing below, and contact us for more information about how the Flowinova platform could help accelerate your API development timelines. Read more Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/scientific-achievements-2023
Reflecting on Scientific Achievements in 2023 | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Reflecting on Scientific Achievements in 2023 Dr. Andrew Lewis Reflecting on Scientific Achievements in 2023 By: Dr. Andrew Lewis The last twelve months have certainly continued to be challenging for anyone working in the global pharmaceutical and biotech industry. Venture funding into biotech shrunk from a peak of $53.9 billion in 2021 to $24 billion in 2023 (1), the number of biotech IPOs plummeted (2), and the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank that many biotechs relied on sent shock waves through the industry, while also being marked as the second largest bank failure in U.S. history. (3) Even the largest pharmaceutical companies have been affected, with Pfizer announcing $4 billion of cost cuts following plummeting demand for its COVID-19 products. (4) With this backdrop of financial insecurity and rising inflation, all drug development companies have had to rationalize their investments and bring even greater focus on how best to spend their funds to select and advance their molecules through development as quickly as possible. One major takeaway from 2023 was evident: with the best science, it’s possible to weather the storm and make truly ground-breaking advancements. After a down year in 2022, the FDA approved 55 novel therapeutics in 2023, just under the largest-ever record of 59 approvals set in 2018. (5) Among them included the world’s first medicine using CRISPR gene editing technology, Vertex Pharmaceuticals’ Casgevy, for the treatment of sickle cell anemia – a step change for the treatment of this disease. (6) Furthermore, positive data was published on GLP1 analogs’ protective effects on the heart, signaling the start of a revolution in the treatment of obesity with huge potential benefits to millions of patients globally. At Quotient Sciences, we’ve always maintained that the quality of our science is the key to our – and our customers’ – success. As a reflection of this, this year we have presented over 25 posters and 5 podium presentations at scientific conferences around the world, 4 papers in peer-reviewed journals, and numerous interviews in relevant industry publications. My colleagues presented on topics including 14C drug substance synthesis at the 26th Workshop of the IIS; modified release dosage form development at the Controlled Release Society; and clinical evaluation of a gastro-retentive formulation at AAPS. Data from numerous first-in-human studies was presented at conferences such as ESMO, the European Cystic Fibrosis Conference, and the International Parkinson’s Disease Conference to name a few. Additionally, our team hosted 14 seminars and 8 webinars to demonstrate our expertise through success stories and partnerships with companies including Ensysce Biosciences and Charles River. I am incredibly pleased to see my colleagues sharing their work with the wider scientific community. I’d like to say a huge thank you to them and to our collaborators for taking the time to do so. What really strikes me is not the number but the variety of subject matter that our team showcased over the past year. The diverse subject matters of these publications reflect our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform that integrates conventionally siloed specialisms required to develop medicines. It was a tremendous recognition and reflection of our relentless focus on customer service, quality, and world-class science to be honored as part of the 2023 British Made Awards, the 2023 Pharma Innovation Awards, and the 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards. We support our customers with a breadth of expertise that we believe is unrivaled in the pharma services sector, and our focus on saving both time and cost in the development of medicines is something particularly prescient in the current climate. Looking back at the year, I’m inspired by the resilience and tenacity with which we achieved these milestones amidst unprecedented challenges. From drug substance design and custom synthesis, drug product development and manufacturing, through to clinical testing, I am incredibly proud of the science we deliver, and I’m truly excited to see what we will achieve together with our customers and our partners in the coming year. Image Sources: (1) 48% of biotechs relying on Big Pharma for funding: ICON survey (2) VC funding trends in biotechnology (3) The Silicon Valley Bank Collapse Explained (4) Pfizer shares sink after it resets 2024 COVID expectations (5) 2023 drug approvals: After a down year, FDA signs off on a bounty of new meds (6) FDA approves world's first CRISPR-based medicine for sickle cell Meet the author: Dr. Andrew Lewis Share: Read more from our experts More Blogs Dr. Andrew Lewis Reflecting on Scientific Achievements in 2023 By: Dr. Andrew Lewis Read More Scientific Achievements, Dr. Andrew Lewis Reflecting on the Scientific Achievements of Quotient Sciences in 2022 By: Dr. Andrew Lewis Read More Formulation Development, Early Development, Drug Product Optimization, Late Development, Dr. Andrew Lewis Integrated Development Strategies, Part 2: Reformulating for clinical and commercial success By: Dr. Andrew Lewis Read More More Blogs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/node/495
Taste masking | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Taste masking We have an extensive track record developing age-appropriate dosage forms of aversive, bitter drug substances using a range of taste-modifying and taste-masking techniques without compromising on product stability and PK performance. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/node/496
Taste assessment and PK studies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Taste assessment and PK studies Using our integrated GMP manufacturing and clinical testing platform, we perform rapid, adaptive trials in humans to optimize taste attributes and PK performance. This provides you with the clinical validation that you need prior to proceeding to your pediatric trials. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/drug-development-and-delivery-executive-interview-nazim-kanji-palatable-pediatric-formulations
Drug Development and Delivery Executive Interview with Nazim Kanji on Palatable Pediatric Formulations | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Drug Development and Delivery Executive Interview with Nazim Kanji on Palatable Pediatric Formulations Articles & Publications , Nazim Kanji Drug Development and Delivery Executive Interview with Nazim Kanji on Palatable Pediatric Formulations By: Nazim Kanji Drug Development & Delivery spoke with Nazim Kanji, Executive Director, Pediatric Services, about the unique considerations and challenges when developing palatable pediatric formulations, so that molecules can become cures, fast. Quotient Sciences: Unique Considerations & Challenges When Developing Palatable Pediatric Formulations Read highlights from the article below. For the full article, visit Drug Development & Delivery . The demand for pediatric dosage forms continues to increase; however, the number of approved pediatric drug treatments on the market remains substantially less than those for adults. Developing drug products for pediatric patients brings a whole set of unique challenges for development teams. Formulation scientists must consider the route of administration, the safety profile, overall taste and palatability, the child’s age, weight, physiologic condition, and the treatment plan’s requirements. All these key factors must be balanced for developing a pediatric product that garners clinical, regulatory, and commercial success. Quotient Sciences, a drug development and manufacturing accelerator, has extensive experience in developing palatable pediatric formulations on behalf of pharmaceutical and biotech customers globally and has successfully developed customized pediatric pharmaceutical formulations that have received regulatory approval. Q: What are the regulatory considerations when developing a pediatric formulation, including US and EU incentives, guidance, and requirements? A: Historically, drug products used in children were generally only approved for adults. They were rarely tested in pediatric populations, and product labelling did not include directions for safe and effective use in pediatric patients. Furthermore, the correct dose and excipient safety were generally not determined for target age groups, and there was a distinct lack of age-appropriate formulations, which meant that in many cases, manipulation of the adult product would be required to dose children. Pediatric legislation in the form of The Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act and Pediatric Research Equity Act in the US and the Paediatric Regulation in the EU came into effect between 2002 and 2007. The aim of these regulations was to increase the number of products that were approved for pediatric use, and they sought to do this by mandating companies to undertake pediatric research and development as well as providing financial incentives for them if they invested in doing this work. Both the US and EU regulations require the submission of pediatric plans at given points in the adult development – in the EU, a Paediatric Investigation Plan (PIP) is to be submitted no later than the end of human pharmacokinetic (PK) studies in adults, while the US requires a Pediatric Study Plan (PSP) to be submitted within 60 days of the end-of-Phase 2 meeting. These documents give a commitment to the studies that will be conducted and also the timeframe. Q: What are product considerations when developing patient-centric dosage forms that are acceptable and palatable for pediatric populations? A: To meet patient needs and regulatory expectations, there are several key steps for consideration in the development of a pediatric dosage form. First is the design stage, to understand the target product profile for the defined population(s) along with associated challenges and risks. Formulation development is then required to identify acceptable, age-appropriate dosage form(s). Depending upon the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) characteristics and formulation strategy, a key factor here, of course, may be taste masking. Next is typically a clinical assessment of the proposed pediatric formulations in adult panels to understand, optimize, and clinically validate dosage forms based on taste and/or PK attributes prior to proceeding into pediatric trials. These efficacy studies often present the development team with unique challenges given bespoke patient requirements that can put a strain on traditional product manufacturing and supply logistics. Finally, there may also be the need to identify a long-term manufacturing partner for what may be low-volume commercial products. Clearly, there is plenty to think about on this journey! Q: How can physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling and simulation be used for dose extrapolation from adults to children and to predict drug product performance in children? A: There are unique biopharmaceutics considerations concerning in vivo drug and formulation performance in pediatrics given differences in anatomy and physiology when compared to adults – gastric and intestinal factors around pH, transit, surface area, enzyme expression, and microflora can all influence oral bioavailability of some drugs differently in the pediatric population. At Quotient Sciences, we use GastroPlus® to build PBPK models. To build a robust model for pediatric dose predictions, there is firstly a need to build a robust PBPK model to represent the adult situation. The PBPK model is built on clinical data from a range of studies, eg, SAD, MAD, DDI, food effect, and where possible, different formulations and dosing regimens along with supporting in vitro data. The model must be validated with clinical data independent to that used to build the model to ensure robustness. PBPK models allow the gastrointestinal environment to be tailored so it more closely represents the pediatric physiology and can be used to predict exposure in children from alternative dose formats and/or formulation attributes. Other factors, such as varying percentages of body water and body fat (which influence tissue distribution kinetics), differences in protein binding, relative blood flows, and size of organs relative to total body weight, are also considered in the pediatric physiologies used in PBPK modeling. Q: What are some challenges drug developers should be aware of when dealing with taste masking, taste modification, and alternate dosage forms? A: A common problem in pediatric drug development is that drug substances can be very bitter or have other aversive taste attributes. A key challenge is understanding how to effectively mask these taste properties to ensure patient compliance, especially if the end drug product is intended for pediatric populations who are not able to swallow conventional dosage forms such as tablets and capsules. This can impact drugs across all therapeutic areas and can be influenced by several factors, including the chemical structure of the drug substance, solubility, and dose. It is important to understand the taste characteristics of a drug substance early in the development of a pediatric dose form to aid the selection of an age-appropriate formulation and associated taste-masking strategy. For the full article, visit Drug Development & Delivery . Meet the author: Nazim Kanji Share: Latest news Articles & Publications, Dr. Paul Quigley Outsourcing Pharma: Paul Quigley on going with the flow in drug substance manufacturing By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Clinical Trials, Articles & Publications Nick McEntee: Getting Clinical Trial Materials Manufacturing Right - Contract Pharma By: Nick McEntee Learn more Articles & Publications, Eleanor Row 3 Key Trends Shaping Our Industry: Contract Pharma Thought Leadership Feature with Eleanor Row By: Eleanor Row Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/gareth-jenkins-contributes-chemistry-today-panel-discussion-flow-chemistry
Gareth Jenkins Contributes to Chemistry Today Panel Discussion on Flow Chemistry | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Gareth Jenkins Contributes to Chemistry Today Panel Discussion on Flow Chemistry Articles & Publications , Dr. Gareth Jenkins Gareth Jenkins Contributes to Chemistry Today Panel Discussion on Flow Chemistry By: Gareth Jenkins Gareth Jenkins, VP Science and Technology, Candidate Development Services at Quotient Sciences, Contributes to Chemistry Today Panel Discussion on Flow Chemistry. Read Gareth's contributions to this panel discussion with Chemistry Today July/August 2022 issue. For what types of reactions do you consider flow chemistry most useful? Highly energetic and very fast reactions are more easily engineered and controlled using continuous processing than in batch. Similarly, if we are looking at a process with highly hazardous material and we want to minimize the risk, continuous processing can provide that basis of safety. We recently ran a process with liquid bromine that would have been much more complex to handle safely in batch than using the very simple set-up of a couple of pumps and a flow reactor. What are the typical scales in which continuous manufacturing processes are carried out in your organization? Quotient Sciences is a drug development and manufacturing accelerator, so most of our chemistry projects are in very early development. Often we are looking at the first scale-up of a new drug candidate from gram to kilogram scale to support pre-clinical evaluation and Phase 1/2 clinical development. Our flow chemistry is, therefore, targeted towards making a few kilograms to a few 10s of kilograms of the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API). This means that we can keep the flow reactors very small, stay within a laboratory environment, and produce multi-kilogram quantities per day. Are you utilizing commercial flow reactors or home-built systems? This is one of the key advantages of flow chemistry, which can often get overlooked. The reactors themselves can be very simple. Often a piece of stainless-steel tube or an off-the-shelf static mixer is all that is needed for the reactor, and it is very easy to quickly modify to adjust for different flow rates or residence times as we develop the process. The equipment around the reactors, such as pumps, mass flow meters, and back pressure regulators, is also generally commercially available. For example, we now have a wide variety of different pumps that can be brought together for each new process we are looking at. This is where we need some chemical engineering experience within the team to help guide the selection of the best pump for the materials and flow rates we are going to need. How important is collaboration for your organization in view of knowledge transfer and expanding skillsets in flow chemistry? Our adoption of flow chemistry was accelerated through an Innovate UK-funded collaboration with Professor Michael George and Professor Martyn Poliakoff at the University of Nottingham, which also supported the creation of an internal ‘Flow Chemistry R&D’ team at our Alnwick site. From 2018 to 2021, this enabled us to demonstrate that flow chemistry can provide significant benefits for rapid and robust delivery of material to support pharmaceutical development, and this is now firmly embedded within our chemistry team. Process analytical technology (PAT) and artificial intelligence (AI)-assisted methods are a growing topic this decade. Do you see advantages of implementing these technologies in flow compared with batch? Flow reactors operate with minimal operator interventions. Flow rates are set on the pump controllers, the pressure is established using a back pressure regulator, and the temperature is established using temperature control units. As most of these process parameters can be interfaced into a process control system, it is very easy to also add PAT and use that to measure the output. The next logical step is to build a feedback loop from the outputs to control the process parameter inputs. Putting all of this into an algorithm means that it is possible to automate the screening of a variety of process parameters, such as temperature. We start with a particular residence time and reaction temperature and use an algorithm to assess what happens if we change the temperature in 5°C steps or if we change the residence time in 30-second steps. Using the very small-scale flow reactors based on narrow-bore, high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) tubing, it becomes very quick and material-sparing to rapidly screen a wide range of process conditions. This can help with our process understanding to identify where the edge of failure might be for a particular reaction. What are the main barriers to wider adoption of flow chemistry in some sectors (e.g. the pharmaceutical industry)? There has been considerable uptake in flow chemistry across the pharmaceutical industry over the past few years, with many companies establishing flow chemistry within their process development groups. With the recent ICH Q13 guidance on continuous processing close to being finalized, the perceived regulatory barrier is also much lower. Over time, we will see more APIs manufactured with at least one stage by flow chemistry. Do you think that flow chemistry is a valuable contributor to realizing more sustainable chemistry, e.g. by reducing the carbon footprint in your organization? Flow chemistry, especially continuous manufacturing, does have a role to play in helping to move the fine chemical and pharmaceutical industries to a more sustainable future. We have recently published an example of a chemoselective conjugate reduction by continuous hydrogenation. A heterogeneous catalyst was used in a packed bed reactor, and the continuous process demonstrated at least 8 of the 12 principles of green chemistry, scoring 77/100 using the GreenMotion metric. The biggest impact was greater selectivity, which led to less waste, a greater E-factor, and improved quality of the final product. What challenges still remain? One of the key advantages of early flow chemistry was the ability to access chemistry processing space that was not possible in a batch reactor, such as high-pressure/high-temperature chemistry, above the boiling point of the main solvent. This is now a well-understood reason to use flow chemistry, with many excellent examples. Two similar types of chemistry processing are photochemistry and electrochemistry, which offer novel chemistry but are very difficult to scale up using a batch reactor. There are some research-scale flow electrochemical and photochemical reactors, and it would be great to see some larger-scale equipment become available. Read more Meet the author: Gareth Jenkins Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/synthesis-clinicr-streamlined-approach-14c-human-adme-studies
Synthesis-to-Clinic®: Human ADME Studies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Whitepaper , Human ADME Synthesis-to-Clinic®: A streamlined approach to 14C human ADME studies Home Resources Synthesis-to-Clinic®: A streamlined approach to 14C human ADME studies Overview We are a leading provider of 14C-enabled drug development programs, successfully conducting over 350 human ADME and other radiolabeled programs to date. Learn about Synthesis-to-Clinic®. Download Download Now Download Now: Synthesis-to-Clinic®: A streamlined approach to 14C human ADME studies Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/stuart-mcdougall-european-bioanalysis-forum-workshop-contribution-quotient-sciences
Stuart McDougall contributes to European Bioanalysis Forum Workshop ICH M10 Guideline | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Stuart McDougall contributes to European Bioanalysis Forum Workshop ICH M10 Guideline Articles & Publications , Dr. Stuart McDougall , Bioanalysis , Regulatory Trends Stuart McDougall contributes to European Bioanalysis Forum Workshop ICH M10 Guideline By: Stuart McDougall Stuart McDougall Contributes to ‘Conference Report from the European Bioanalysis Forum Workshop: Toward Harmonized Implementation of the ICH M10 Guideline’ in Bioanalysis Journal Quotient Sciences’ Principal Research Fellow of Bioanalytical Services, Stuart McDougall, is a representative on the European Bioanalysis Forum (EBF), which is an organization comprising bioanalytical scientists working within the pharmaceutical industry that provides a platform for discussions on science and regulatory issues. At the latest EBF workshop in November 2022, entitled ‘Toward Harmonized Implementation of the ICH M10 Guideline’, Stuart was one of 250 delegates representing 125 different organizations who attended. The purpose of the workshop was to discuss the final International Council for Harmonization of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use – Multidisciplinary Guideline N◦10 (ICH M10) after its publication in May 2022. Stuart moderated several plenary and breakout sessions on different chapters of the ICH M10 guideline and contributed to the resulting conference report as a co-author. The ICH M10 is the culmination of many years of work by regulators and bioanalysts across the world to unify into a single global bioanalytical guideline and eliminate the regional and geographic differences. In the report, the EBF shares the proposals for harmonized implementation of the ICH M10 guideline on bioanalytical method validation and study sample analysis from the ICH M10 workshop. The focus of the discussions was to understand new, changed, or still ambiguous regulatory expectations in the guideline, as identified in feedback from the pre-workshop surveys or during the workshop. The proposals from the workshop aim at stimulating and helping a harmonized implementation of the guideline and using the EBF community as a sounding board during and after implementation to highlight areas of misalignment and to create a platform for continued sharing with the regulatory authorities in an effort to contribute to industry and regulators developing similar interpretations on guideline expectations. "The ICH M10 is the culmination of many years of work by regulators and bioanalysts across the world to unify into a single global bioanalytical guideline and eliminate the regional and geographic differences," said Stuart. "However, the publication of ICH M10 is only the first step, as we need to ensure a consistent and agreed understanding and implementation across our industry. 2023 will be a very important year, as we live with ICH M10 during our day-to-day activities." Delivering rapid bioanalytical data is critical to meeting milestones in drug development. Quotient Sciences are experts in the development, validation, and application of bioanalytical assays. Learn how we can help your next program with our range of bioanalytical services . Meet the author: Stuart McDougall Share: Latest news Articles & Publications, Dr. Paul Quigley Outsourcing Pharma: Paul Quigley on going with the flow in drug substance manufacturing By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Clinical Trials, Articles & Publications Nick McEntee: Getting Clinical Trial Materials Manufacturing Right - Contract Pharma By: Nick McEntee Learn more Articles & Publications, Eleanor Row 3 Key Trends Shaping Our Industry: Contract Pharma Thought Leadership Feature with Eleanor Row By: Eleanor Row Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/helen-baker-drug-development-delivery-article-outsourcing-formulation-development
Helen Baker Contributes to Drug Development & Delivery Article on Outsourcing Development & Manufacturing Strategies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Helen Baker Contributes to Drug Development & Delivery Article on Outsourcing Development & Manufacturing Strategies Articles & Publications , Dr. Helen Baker Helen Baker Contributes to Drug Development & Delivery Article on Outsourcing Development & Manufacturing Strategies By: Dr. Helen Baker Helen Baker, Director of Pharmaceutical Sci­ences, has been featured in Drug Development & Delivery's special feature article, "Outsourcing Formulation Development & Manufacturing: Understanding Critical Attributes Earlier in Development Leads to a More Robust Drug Product." Formulation development and manufacturing outsourcing compress timelines and mitigate risk, enticing many pharmaceutical and biotech companies worldwide to partner with outsourcing service providers in the early phases of the drug development process. This has resulted in an economic impact on the global formulation development out­sourcing market, which is expected to reach a value of $31.8 billion by 2027, up from $21.1 billion in 2021 “Clients need to ensure they part­ner with a CDMO that has a good awareness of both material supplier lead times, availability of alternate merchants, and who have the expert­ise to offer up viable alternatives that would not impact the performance of the end product,” says Helen Baker, Director, Pharmaceutical Sciences, Quotient Sciences. “A CDMO capable of both preempting and adapting to supply chain issues, while maintaining the integrity of a comprehensive and thorough development plan will be most attractive to pharmaceutical clients.” The pandemic also forced the in­dustry to pivot toward new therapeu­tics, particularly mRNA-based drugs. As a result, many CDMOs have in­vested in new facilities and state-of-the-art equipment focused on biologics manufacturing. This annual, exclusive Drug Devel­opment & Delivery report describes how drug sponsors and CDMOs are collaborating earlier, highlights how third-party contractors are navigating material shortages, and discusses how the industry is shifting to address dif­ferent therapeutic targets and mole­cules, such as mRNA. Quotient Sciences: Clinical Testing & Development Under One Roof A recent formulation development challenge that Quotient Sciences faced in­volved a BCS class IV candidate des­tined for solid oral delivery. The molecule exhibited poor solubility and permeability, with erratic absorption as an inevitable consequence. Al­though numerous solubility enhance­ment techniques exist, a critical factor in development was to ensure that the dosage form selected must be consis­tent and scalable to a sufficient size to support a commercial campaign. Hot melt extrusion offered not only a vehi­cle for manipulating the absorption properties by allowing for the incorpo­ration of enhancement aids but was easily controlled and scaled-up, with the additional benefit of optional con­tinuous manufacturing. Continue reading the article Meet the author: Dr. Helen Baker Share: Latest news Articles & Publications, Dr. Paul Quigley Outsourcing Pharma: Paul Quigley on going with the flow in drug substance manufacturing By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Clinical Trials, Articles & Publications Nick McEntee: Getting Clinical Trial Materials Manufacturing Right - Contract Pharma By: Nick McEntee Learn more Articles & Publications, Eleanor Row 3 Key Trends Shaping Our Industry: Contract Pharma Thought Leadership Feature with Eleanor Row By: Eleanor Row Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/pbpk-modelling-simulation
PBPK Modelling & Simulation | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Clinical Pharmacology , Modelling & Simulation PBPK Modelling & Simulation 1 May 2019 Home Resources PBPK Modelling & Simulation Overview Quotient Sciences is a leading expert in the application of physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modelling and simulation (M&S) science to drug development. Using GastroPlus™ we advise our clients on the potential in vivo performance of drugs and formulations to inform product and clinical development strategies. Download Download Now Date 1 May 2019 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/poster-qualification-of-gastroplus-pbpk-modeling
Scientific Poster Spotlight: Qualification of GastroPlus® PBPK Modeling Software to Support Decision Making in Clinical Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Scientific Poster Spotlight: Qualification of GastroPlus® PBPK Modeling Software to Support Decision Making in Clinical Development Modeling and Simulation , Kevser Sevim Scientific Poster Spotlight: Qualification of GastroPlus® PBPK Modeling Software to Support Decision Making in Clinical Development In recent years, physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling has become an increasingly important part of drug development programs. Quotient Sciences uses GastroPlus® PBPK modeling software to provide unique solutions for overcoming our customers’ product development challenges, making it vital to assess the software’s ability to perform simulations with adequate precision. At the Pharmacokinetics UK (PKUK) conference in November 2022, Quotient Sciences’ Modeling and Simulation (M&S) team presented a poster about their project to qualify the GastroPlus software and demonstrate the predictive performance of PBPK models in various clinical situations. A repository of case studies was collated, covering a wide range of drug types, formulations, and clinical scenarios. Using GastroPlus, individual predictions for the diverse clinical scenarios were compared to observed clinical data, and the prediction performance was evaluated. The results demonstrated the ability of the GastroPlus PBPK modeling software to predict observed outcomes with adequate precision. This project enables Quotient Sciences to offer customers a qualified PBPK modeling platform for the scenarios contained within the qualification data set. Over time, the repository will be expanded to include a more diverse range of drug types and scenarios. Poster authors Quotient Sciences: Kevser Sevim, Alison J Wilby, Shriram M Pathak, Christine Meddes University of Nottingham: Daniel Vaughan Share: Read more from our experts More Blogs Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Read More Drug Substance How to Accelerate Your Molecule’s Pathway to IND and Beyond By: Eleanor Row Read More Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Vanessa Zann Scientific Poster Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More More Blogs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-investment-sterile-fill-capacity
Quotient Sciences Announces Major Investment in Sterile Fill/Finish Capacity in Response to Increasing Industry Demand | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Announces Major Investment in Sterile Fill/Finish Capacity in Response to Increasing Industry Demand Acquisitions & Growth , Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Major Investment in Sterile Fill/Finish Capacity in Response to Increasing Industry Demand NOTTINGHAM, UK; October 24, 2023 – Quotient Sciences, the drug development and manufacturing accelerator, announced that it has made a major investment in the sterile fill/finish capabilities at its Alnwick, UK facility. This investment will increase the current capacity of the Annex 1 compliant facility to meet increasing industry demand for fully integrated drug development programs. The company has state-of-the-art contract development and manufacturing (CDMO) facilities in both the US and UK, which are fully integrated with their clinical testing facilities in Nottingham (UK) and Miami (US) to deliver industry-leading cost and time efficiencies. This latest investment provides a major boost to the Alnwick facility, increasing the number of Grade C cleanrooms from one to three. As part of this expansion, the company has invested in a new isolator technology, enabling larger batch sizes and reduced cycle times per manufacturing campaign. The site also benefits from an integrated in-house microbiology team to accelerate testing and environmental monitoring, with further investment in the microbiology labs planned for next year. Gareth Jenkins, VP Science & Technology at Quotient Sciences, said: “Navigating the development, analytical, and new Annex 1 regulatory requirements for sterile/aseptic drugs can be complicated, but with these enhancements, we have the specialized expertise and dedicated facilities to ensure successful and timely program delivery. “With the demand for aseptic fill/finish continuing to grow across the pharmaceutical industry, and the requirements of Annex 1 that came into effect in August 2023, there is a greater global focus around regulatory requirements, commitment to quality, robust processes and containment strategies for CDMOs providing these services. “The Alnwick site is a center of excellence for sterile product development, with ongoing recruitment and expansion of the team to ensure we meet growing market demand.” Quotient Sciences has over 30 years of experience in the development of sterile parenteral drug products, from candidate development through to clinical trial manufacturing, including radiolabeled, high-potency, and cytotoxic compounds. The company’s flagship platform, Translational Pharmaceutics®, fully integrates drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing activities, which facilitates real-time decision-making based on emerging clinical data. This approach provides flexibility to adjust formulations within a study, which accelerates development timelines, minimizes risk, and reduces costs. Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, CEO of Quotient Sciences, added: "At Quotient Sciences, our mission is to help get new medicines to patients faster. Increasing our capacity for sterile fill/finish operations, investing in new technologies, and expanding our team, enables us to further support our customers with fully integrated Translational Pharmaceutics programs for sterile product development, which reduces development risks, shortens timelines, and improves the chances of success." About Quotient Sciences Quotient Sciences is a drug development and manufacturing accelerator providing integrated programs and tailored services across the entire development pathway. Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting drugs to patients. Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, and molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Quotient Sciences Company Contact Kieron Hall SVP & Chief Commercial Officer (TEL) +44 7900 896428 Kieron.Hall@quotientsciences.com Share: Latest news Acquisitions & Growth, Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Major Investment in Sterile Fill/Finish Capacity in Response to Increasing Industry Demand Learn more News & Announcements, Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Successful US FDA Inspection of Alnwick, UK Facility Learn more Acquisitions & Growth, Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Significant Growth in Workforce at Alnwick, UK, Facility Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/successful-us-fda-inspection-alnwick-uk-facility
Quotient Sciences Announces Successful US FDA Inspection of Alnwick, UK Facility | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Announces Successful US FDA Inspection of Alnwick, UK Facility News & Announcements , Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Successful US FDA Inspection of Alnwick, UK Facility Quotient Sciences, a leading global pharmaceutical drug development and manufacturing accelerator, is proud to announce the successful completion of a US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspection of its bioanalytical facility in Alnwick, UK. The regulatory inspection was conducted to audit three bioequivalence studies for three different insulin analogues for a renowned pharmaceutical company. Quotient Sciences' Alnwick facility has specialty bioanalytical expertise and facilities for conducting bioequivalence studies, which play a crucial role in evaluating the similarity between pharmacokinetic properties of two proprietary preparations of a formulation. This is an essential step in the drug development process, enabling pharmaceutical companies to demonstrate that their generic versions of a drug are therapeutically equivalent to the corresponding branded product. The US FDA inspection of Quotient Sciences' Alnwick facility is a significant achievement for the organization, highlighting its commitment to upholding the highest standards of quality and regulatory compliance. It reinforces Quotient Sciences' reputation as a trusted partner in the development of pharmaceutical drug products. During the inspection, the US FDA thoroughly reviewed the facilities, systems, and processes at the Alnwick site. This comprehensive evaluation included assessing adherence to Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) and ensuring compliance with regulatory guidelines. The US FDA authorities inspected the facility for five days, from July 24 to 28, which concluded with a findings meeting that was also attended by the head of GLP for the MHRA Quotient Sciences' facility successfully passed the inspection with no observations or concerns noted, demonstrating its strong quality management systems and dedication to patient safety. The Alnwick's site GMP facilities have previously been audited by the FDA and MHRA several times over the past 18 years, however this was the first US FDA audit that was specifically for bioanalytical work. MARK EGERTON, CEO of Quotient Sciences, "By successfully completing the US FDA inspection for these studies, Quotient Sciences has achieved another milestone in its mission to support the development of innovative medicines for patients worldwide. "The results of the inspection further strengthen our track record for outstanding regulatory compliance at our Alnwick facility. "At Quotient Sciences, we work diligently to maintain high quality standards and continuously improve quality platforms to ensure that we are meeting regulatory requirements that best support our global customers regulatory submissions" Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-announces-significant-growth-workforce-alnwick-uk-facility
Quotient Sciences Announces Significant Growth in Workforce at Alnwick, UK, Facility | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Announces Significant Growth in Workforce at Alnwick, UK, Facility Acquisitions & Growth , Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Significant Growth in Workforce at Alnwick, UK, Facility NOTTINGHAM, UK; March 28, 2023 – Quotient Sciences, the drug development and manufacturing accelerator, today announced that it has grown the workforce at its Alnwick, UK, facility by 20% over the past 2 years. The Alnwick site’s growth has been fueled by its attractive location, variety of career opportunities, and strong people leadership. Quotient Sciences Alnwick currently employs over 200 people across a range of scientific disciplines, including process chemistry, solid-state characterization, radiosynthesis, analytical science, bioanalysis, and formulation development. In October 2022, the company announced the completion of a major £6 million expansion of its drug substance manufacturing facility, which created an additional 80-100 new scientific and technical jobs at the facility. Paul Ryan, SVP & Head of Candidate Development, said: “We are a growing site, creating opportunities for career growth both within the Alnwick team and as part of the wider Quotient Sciences organization. It is very inspiring to work on pharmaceutical projects that deliver on our manifesto, ‘Molecule to cure. Fast.™’, and hear first-hand from some of the patients who have benefited from the new medicines we have helped to deliver. In 2023, the pace of growth is set to continue with the expansion of our aseptic manufacturing capability at the Alnwick site, along with continued growth across all areas of the business. This will provide opportunities for technical and manufacturing roles in drug product manufacturing.” For those interested in open positions , the Alnwick site is known for providing excellent career development opportunities for knowledgeable, ambitious, and hardworking candidates. This reputation was recognized in 2021, when the site was named “Most Inspirational North-East (UK) Science Employer” by STEM Learning as part of the STEM Ambassadors program. The state-of-the-art facility is in Northumberland, which is easily accessible from the A1. By joining Quotient Sciences, candidates gain the opportunity to work across a range of customer projects and scientific areas. The company offers a flexible working environment for many roles, which enables candidates to choose their work pattern. During the interview process, candidates meet with multiple colleagues to find out more about Quotient Sciences, their interested role, and the facility. Candidates who were invited for interviews have previously commented that they like the flexible work arrangement, the technical and diverse range of work, and the welcoming colleagues onsite. About Quotient Sciences Quotient Sciences is a drug development and manufacturing accelerator providing integrated programs and tailored services across the entire development pathway. Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting drugs to patients. Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, and molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. For more information, please visit quotientsciences.com. Share: Latest news News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Learn more News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-wins-multiple-categories-2023-cdmo-leadership-awards
Quotient Sciences Wins Multiple Categories in 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Wins Multiple Categories in 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Wins Multiple Categories in 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards Quotient Sciences has been recognized as a multi-category award winner of Outsourced Pharma and Life Science Leader’s 2023 CDMO Leadership Awards. Now in its 12th year, the CDMO Leadership Awards recognize the best contract development and manufacturing organizations (CDMOs) across categories including: Capabilities, Compatibility, Expertise, Quality, Reliability, and Service. Winners are judged by customers as either exceeding expectations or as top performers and customers can only evaluate CDMOs with which they've worked with in the past 18 months. Primary market research conducted by ISR Reports is the basis of the awards. Sponsors provide their ratings of contract development and manufacturing organizations based on their recently outsourced projects. The feedback is then reviewed to determine leading CDMOs in these performance categories. CDMOs can win in up to three groups of outsourcing respondents including Big Pharma, Small Pharma, and Overall (combined Big and Small Pharma). For 2023, Quotient Sciences is the recipient of CDMO Leadership Award recognition in the following areas: Capabilities (Overall, Small Pharma) Compatibility (Overall, Small Pharma) Expertise (Overall, Small Pharma) Quality (Small Pharma) Reliability (Small Pharma) See the full list of winners presented by Outsourced Pharma and Life Science Leader Video: Live from the awards ceremony during DCAT 2023 In this featured video taken during DCAT 2023, Dr. Sarah Stevens, former Senior Vice President & Head of Early Development & Late-Stage Commercial at Quotient Sciences, comments on the importance of receiving this recognition. Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-significantly-expands-formulation-and-manufacturing-uk
Quotient Sciences Significantly Expands Formulation and Manufacturing in UK | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Significantly Expands Formulation and Manufacturing in UK Acquisitions & Growth , Reading, UK Quotient Sciences Significantly Expands Formulation and Manufacturing in UK Nottingham, U.K., November 5th, 2018 – Quotient Sciences, a leading drug development services organization, has significantly expanded its formulation development and clinical trial manufacturing operations at its Reading, U.K., facility. The program’s investment has tripled the site’s GMP capacity, added new equipment for solid oral dose manufacturing, and significantly increased staffing levels. “Our investment in Reading is in direct response to increasing client demand,” said Mark Egerton, CEO of Quotient Sciences. “With drug development expertise on both sides of the Atlantic, we are optimally positioned to serve our global client base. The Reading site can support customers with stand-alone formulation and clinical trial manufacturing services that can also be integrated into Translational Pharmaceutics ® programs.” Activities at the 48,000-square-foot Reading facility are focused on small molecule drug products for oral and inhaled delivery spanning drug substance characterization, formulation development, and clinical trial manufacturing. The site routinely handles poorly soluble compounds and is equipped with a broad range of technologies including spray drying, hot melt extrusion, lipidic systems, and micronization. Its capacity is bolstered by 13 GMP manufacturing suites to support traditional Phase I-III clinical trial manufacturing and Translational Pharmaceutics programs that integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing and clinical research. This flexible and nimble approach allows batch sizes to be tailored to the precise needs of a clinical trial. Drug products are rapidly supplied to global patient trials and clinical pharmacology units, delivering substantial benefits to customers including flexible dose adjustments, reductions in manufacturing costs, and shorter manufacturing lead times. Quotient Sciences has more than 800 employees across six operating sites in the U.K. and U.S., serving a global customer base of more than 150 biotech and pharma clients. Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-acquires-pharmaterials
Quotient Sciences Acquires Pharmaterials, a UK-based Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Acquires Pharmaterials, a UK-based Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization Acquisitions & Growth , Reading, UK Quotient Sciences Acquires Pharmaterials, a UK-based Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization Nottingham, U.K., 14 November 2017: Quotient Sciences, the drug development services organization, announces it has acquired Pharmaterials, a contract development and manufacturing organization (CDMO) based in Reading, U.K. The acquisition strengthens and expands Quotient Sciences' formulation and manufacturing services footprint in the U.K. and supports the growth of the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform, following the acquisitions of SeaView Research and QS Pharma in February 2017. Pharmaterials has a significant track record in supporting the development of small molecule drug products for oral and inhaled delivery. The company’s portfolio of services spans the characterization and optimization of drug substance physical forms, the development of preclinical and clinical formulations through to clinical trial manufacturing, and subsequent global drug product supply. The business was founded in 2000 and is located in a 48,000-square feet facility that houses 13 GMP manufacturing suites, with space for future expansion. Mark Egerton, CEO of Quotient Sciences, said: "The acquisition of Pharmaterials strengthens Quotient Sciences' service portfolio from preclinical formulation development through to commercial manufacturing. The addition expands Quotient Sciences' global CDMO services with added capacity and capabilities to better serve our clients’ needs." With over 700 employees, six operating sites across the U.S. and U.K. and a 30-year track record for quality services, Quotient Sciences is focused on delivering an innovative portfolio of services that are proven to shorten development timelines, reduce associated costs and accelerate the delivery of new medicines to patients globally. Share: Latest news Acquisitions & Growth, Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Major Investment in Sterile Fill/Finish Capacity in Response to Increasing Industry Demand Learn more Acquisitions & Growth, Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Significant Growth in Workforce at Alnwick, UK, Facility Learn more Acquisitions & Growth, Alnwick, Translational Pharmaceutics® Quotient Sciences Completes Major Expansion of Drug Substance Manufacturing Facility Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/rationalizing-preclinical-clinical-hurdle-how-overcome-toxicology-exposure-challenge
Rationalizing the Preclinical-Clinical Hurdle – How to Overcome the Toxicology Exposure Challenge | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact On-Demand Webinar , Formulation Development Rationalizing the Preclinical-Clinical Hurdle – How to Overcome the Toxicology Exposure Challenge 26 March 2024 Home Resources Rationalizing the Preclinical-Clinical Hurdle – How to Overcome the Toxicology Exposure Challenge Overview This webinar will explore navigating the preclinical to clinical transitions with a focus on addressing toxicology exposure challenges. Join our speakers Andrew Parker and Valeria Ciarnelli as we delve into regulatory framework and the needs of enabling technologies for poorly soluble molecules. In this presentation, Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli, Senior Director of Product Development, and Dr. Andrew Parker, Senior Drug Development Consultant, will discuss considerations when navigating the pre-clinical to clinical transition, delving into the regulatory expectations and the needs of enabling technologies for poorly soluble molecules, among other topics. Our speakers will review the solutions that our team have developed to help customers successfully navigate through development milestones, leveraging the Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. They will share rationale for assessing amorphous solid dispersions when compared with lipidics and size reduction, and show how these can be easily translated into fit-for-purpose, first-in-human (FIH) presentations suitable for oral administration and enabling dose escalation. Key learning objectives: How to identify the best development strategy, technology(s) and candidate(s), demonstrate solubility improvement and stability. Justify selection of prototypes as being suitable for testing in animals and potentially improving exposure to meet toxicology multiples required to justify entering a FIH study. Where to invest from early stage, modularity of the preclinical screen and how it can be refined based on your needs. Watch now Watch Watch Now Watch Now: Rationalizing the Preclinical-Clinical Hurdle – How to Overcome the Toxicology Exposure Challenge Date 26 March 2024 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/two-part-phase-1-study-evaluate-taste-profile-novel-belumosudil-oral-suspensions-and
Two-Part Phase 1 Study to Evaluate the Taste Profile of Novel Belumosudil Oral Suspensions and Assess the Relative Bioavailability and Food Effect of the Selected Belumosudil Oral Suspension Compared with Oral Tablet Reference in Healthy Male Participants | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Main navigation Article , Formulation Development Two-Part Phase 1 Study to Evaluate the Taste Profile of Novel Belumosudil Oral Suspensions and Assess the Relative Bioavailability and Food Effect of the Selected Belumosudil Oral Suspension Compared with Oral Tablet Reference in Healthy Male Participants 12 February 2024 Home Resources Two-Part Phase 1 Study to Evaluate the Taste Profile of Novel Belumosudil Oral Suspensions and Assess the Relative Bioavailability and Food Effect of the Selected Belumosudil Oral Suspension Compared with Oral Tablet Reference in Healthy Male Participants Overview Belumosudil is in clinical use for the treatment of chronic graft-versus-host disease. The current tablet formulation may be inappropriate for children or adults with dysphagia and/or upper gastrointestinal manifestations of chronic graft-versus-host disease. This study assessed the taste and palatability of oral suspensions of belumosudil, evaluated the relative bioavailability of an oral suspension versus the tablet formulation, and characterized the effect of food on the pharmacokinetics of an oral suspension. Download Download Now Download Now: Two-Part Phase 1 Study to Evaluate the Taste Profile of Novel Belumosudil Oral Suspensions and Assess the Relative Bioavailability and Food Effect of the Selected Belumosudil Oral Suspension Compared with Oral Tablet Reference in Healthy Male Participants Date 12 February 2024 Share More like this: On-Demand Webinar, Formulation Development Rationalizing the Preclinical-Clinical Hurdle – How to Overcome the Toxicology Exposure Challenge 26 March 2024 Watch Now Article, Formulation Development Two-Part Phase 1 Study to Evaluate the Taste Profile of Novel Belumosudil Oral Suspensions and Assess the Relative Bioavailability and Food Effect of the Selected Belumosudil Oral Suspension Compared with Oral Tablet Reference in Healthy Male Participants 12 February 2024 Download Now On-Demand Webinar, Drug Substance, Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development Navigating the Small Molecule CMC Pathway 19 January 2023 Watch Now Peer Reviewed Publication, Formulation Development, Human ADME, First-in-Human Astrazeneca - Mass balance recovery and disposition of AZD4831 in humans 13 January 2023 Download Now Scientific Poster, Pediatrics, Formulation Development Development of a novel oral suspension formulation of a candidate API for administration to pediatric patients 13 December 2022 Download Now Scientific Poster, Drug Substance, Formulation Development AAPS 2022 Poster: Kilo Scale Synthesis in Daisy Chained Flow Reactors 3 November 2022 Download Now Scientific Poster, First-in-Human, Formulation Development AAPS 2022 Poster: Formulation and Taste Assessments in First in Human Studies 3 November 2022 Download Now Info Sheet, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Formulation Development Quotient Sciences Aseptic Development & Manufacturing Capabilities 27 October 2022 Download Now On-Demand Webinar, Modified Release, Commercial Manufacturing, Formulation Development Non-Clinical vs Clinical: Risks & Considerations When Developing Modified Release Dosage Forms 1 September 2022 Watch Now Scientific Poster, Translational Pharmaceutics, Clinical Pharmacology, Formulation Development Assessment of the Contribution of CYP2D6 to the Elimination of Idalopirdine as well as the Absolute Bioavailability Following Multiple Oral Dosing 26 August 2022 Download Now Info Sheet, Formulation Development Peptide Development Strategies 25 August 2022 Download Now Info Sheet, Modified Release, Formulation Development Modified-Release Formulation Strategies 25 July 2022 Download Now Scientific Poster, First-in-Human, Translational Pharmaceutics, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Formulation Development A First-in-Human (FIH) Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Single and Multiple Doses, and Alternative Formulations of R941552 (R552): A selective Receptor Interacting Protein 1 (RIP1) Kinase Inhibitor 24 March 2022 Download Now Peer Reviewed Publication, Modified Release, Formulation Development Development of a Once‑Daily Modified‑Release Formulation for the Short Half‑Life RIPK1 Inhibitor GSK2982772 using DiffCORE Technology 10 January 2022 Download Now Scientific Poster, Formulation Development Influence of drug loading and fillers on drug release from HPMC matrix tablets 22 December 2021 Download Now Scientific Poster, Modified Release, Formulation Development Development of modified release matrix tablet formulation using solid lipid Compritol 888 for a poorly water soluble drug 22 December 2021 Download Now On-Demand Webinar, Formulation Development The Role of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development 6 October 2021 Watch Now Info Sheet, Translational Pharmaceutics, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Real-Time Manufacturing, Formulation Development Integrated Programs: Early Development 14 September 2021 Download Now Info Sheet, Translational Pharmaceutics, Human ADME, Pediatrics, Regulatory Affairs, High Potency Handling, Drug Substance, Drug Product, Bioanalysis, Microbiology, Analytical Services, Radiosynthesis, Isotopic Labeling, Solubility Enhancement, Modified Release, Spray Drying, Drug Product Optimization, Commercial Manufacturing, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Real-Time Manufacturing, Gamma Scintigraphy, Formulation Development, Clinical Pharmacology, Oncology, First-in-Human Quotient Sciences Corporate Brochure 2022 14 July 2021 Download Now Info Sheet, Pediatrics, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Real-Time Manufacturing, Formulation Development, Clinical Pharmacology Global Clinical Trial Supplies 10 June 2021 Download Now Peer Reviewed Publication, Formulation Development Scientific Paper_Development and approval of rybelsus (oral semaglutide): ushering in a new era in peptide delivery 1 May 2021 Download Now Scientific Poster, Formulation Development AAPS 2020 Poster: A Quality by Design Approach to Optimize and Accelerate Formulation and Process Development Leading towards Registration Batches Manufacturing 5 November 2020 Download Now Scientific Poster, Formulation Development AAPS 2020 Poster: Development of High Drug Load Multiparticulate Beads Using an Extrusion-Spheronization Process 5 November 2020 Download Now Scientific Poster, Spray Drying, Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development AAPS 2020 Poster: Improving the Stability of a Spray-Dried Peroxide-Susceptible Drug in Tablets 5 November 2020 Download Now Scientific Poster, Formulation Development AAPS 2020 Poster: Development of Radiolabeled Surrogate Beads for Tracing Gastrointestinal Transit of Oral Multiparticulate Formulations 5 November 2020 Download Now Scientific Poster, Formulation Development AAPS 2020 Poster: Flexible formulation assessments in FIH studies for poorly soluble drugs accelerates dosage form development, manufacturing and supply for patient POC trials 5 November 2020 Download Now Info Sheet, Translational Pharmaceutics, Formulation Development Accelerating Development of 505(B)(2) Product 11 August 2020 Download Now Info Sheet, Translational Pharmaceutics, Commercial Manufacturing, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Real-Time Manufacturing, Formulation Development, First-in-Human Project Management at Quotient Sciences 11 August 2020 Download Now Info Sheet, Pediatrics, Formulation Development Developing a Poorly Tasting Drug Substance into a Palatable Dosage Form 11 August 2020 Download Now Scientific Poster, Formulation Development CRS 2020 Poster: Intestinal Transit and Release of Capsules with Different Coating Compositions Assessed by Gamma Scintigraphy in Healthy Subjects with Baseline Gastrointestinal pH, Temperature and Pressure Measured by SmartPill 29 June 2020 Download Now Scientific Poster, Translational Pharmaceutics, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, First-in-Human, Formulation Development Digital RDD 2020 Poster: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized API 26 April 2020 Download Now Scientific Poster, Translational Pharmaceutics, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Real-Time Manufacturing, Formulation Development, First-in-Human, Clinical Pharmacology AAPS 2019 Poster: A Phase I Study Allowing Clinical Screening of Multiple Solubility-Enhancement Formulation Technologies, and an Assessment of Food, PPI and Dose Linearity Assessment with the Selected Formulation of BOS172767, in Healthy Volunteers 4 November 2019 Download Now Info Sheet, Spray Drying, Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development, Oncology Formulation Strategies for Poorly Soluble Molecules 27 September 2019 Download Now Scientific Poster, Formulation Development Developing spray dried dispersions for early phase clinical trials and beyond 1 May 2019 Download Now Peer Reviewed Publication, Translational Pharmaceutics, Formulation Development, Clinical Pharmacology Application of a Novel ‘Make and Test in Parallel’ Strategy to Investigate the Effect of Formulation on the Pharmacokinetics of GDC-0810 in Healthy Subjects 23 November 2018 Download Now Scientific Poster, Formulation Development, Clinical Pharmacology ACAAI 2018 Poster: Phase 1/1b study of inhaled formulation in healthy volunteers & asthmatics 15 November 2018 Download Now Scientific Poster, Translational Pharmaceutics, Formulation Development AAPS 2018 Poster: Identification and Optimization of Critical Process Parameters of Roller Compacted Capsules: From Development to Registration Batches 5 November 2018 Download Now Scientific Poster, Pediatrics, Translational Pharmaceutics, Formulation Development AAPS 2018 Poster: Development and Approval of a Palatable Glycopyrronium Bromide Liquid Formulation for Pediatrics 5 November 2018 Watch recording Scientific Poster, Translational Pharmaceutics, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Formulation Development AAPS 2018 Poster: Rapid Development and Clinical Assessment of New Rectal and Oral Formulations for Ulcerative Colitis Using Real-Time Adaptive GMP Manufacturing and Supply 5 November 2018 Download Now Scientific Poster, Formulation Development, Clinical Pharmacology NACFC 2018 Poster: A pharmacokinetics and lung deposition study in healthy volunteers 18 October 2018 Download Now Scientific Poster, Modified Release, Formulation Development, Real-Time Manufacturing, Translational Pharmaceutics CRS 2018 Poster: Development and Optimization of MR Formulations in the absence of predictive laboratory or preclinical models 23 July 2018 Download Now Info Sheet, Drug Product Optimization, Commercial Manufacturing, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Real-Time Manufacturing, Formulation Development Global Formulation Development and Manufacturing Capabilities 12 May 2018 Download Now Info Sheet, Formulation Development Formulation Development 11 May 2018 Download Now Info Sheet, Pediatrics, Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development Pediatric Development 9 May 2018 Download Now Info Sheet, Formulation Development Inhaled Product Development 31 January 2018 Download Now Scientific Poster, Pediatrics, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Formulation Development, Clinical Pharmacology, First-in-Human Enhanced formulation decision-making in early phase clinical trials for parenteral products 17 January 2018 Download Now Scientific Poster, Formulation Development AAPS 2017 Poster: Evaluation of Process Transferability of Poorly Flowing Blend Between the Blenders Manufactured by Different Vendors 13 November 2017 Download Now Scientific Poster, Human ADME, Formulation Development, Clinical Pharmacology, First-in-Human AAPS 2016 Poster: Formulation selection and development for ME-401 during a first-in-human study in healthy volunteers 7 November 2017 Download Now Info Sheet, Spray Drying, Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development Formulation Development - Spray Drying 6 November 2017 Download Now Scientific Poster, Clinical Pharmacology, Formulation Development APS 2012 Poster: Working with Short Shelf-Life Products in Clinical Development 26 October 2017 Download Now Scientific Poster, Spray Drying, Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development AAPS 2016 Poster: Maximizing the potential of amorphous spray-dried dispersions 26 October 2017 Download Now Scientific Poster, Formulation Development AAPS 2009 Poster: Delivery of Antibodies to the Gastrointestinal Tract for Local Action 26 October 2017 Download Now Scientific Poster, Formulation Development, Clinical Pharmacology AAPS 2015 Poster: Rapid Formulation Development and Clinical Testing of Gastro-Retentive Controlled Release Technology to Enable Once-Daily Dosing 26 October 2017 Download Now Scientific Poster, Formulation Development APS 2014 Poster: A rapid in vitro screen method for assessing the potential for precipitation of solubilized drugs in the small intestine 26 October 2017 Download Now Scientific Poster, Human ADME, First-in-Human, Formulation Development AAPS 2016: A Rapid Formulation Development and Clinical Testing Program to evaluate the Pharmacokinetics of a novel enabled formulation of Abiraterone Acetate 26 October 2017 Download Now Case Study, Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Commercial Manufacturing Case Study: Pulmatrix Download Now Whitepaper, Drug Substance, Formulation Development Strategies for Accelerating the Development of Modified Release Oral Forms Download Now Case Study, Formulation Development, Drug Substance Case Study: Drug Substance Salt Selection Download Now Scientific Poster, Pediatrics, Formulation Development EuPFI 2021: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Download Now Case Study, Oncology, Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development Case Study: Clovis Oncology Download Now Whitepaper, Orphan Rare Diseases, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Formulation Development Accelerating the Developing of Orphan Drugs for Rare Diseases Download Now Case Study, Formulation Development, Dr. Andy Lewis Case Study: DCS Classification of NCE Download Now Scientific Poster, Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Formulation Development, First-in-Human How do I quickly develop first-in-human (FIH) dosage forms and avoid CMC delays whilst achieving proof-of-concept (POC)? Download Now Scientific Poster, Formulation Development Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection Download Now Case Study, Translational Pharmaceutics, Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development, Oncology Case Study: Xspray Pharma Download Now Whitepaper, Modified Release, Formulation Development, Translational Pharmaceutics Alternative Strategies for Development of Modified Release Dosage Forms Download Now Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/quotient-sciences-commercial-manufacturing-capabilities
Quotient Sciences' Commercial Manufacturing Capabilities | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Commercial Manufacturing , Pediatrics , Oncology Quotient Sciences' Commercial Manufacturing Capabilities 1 January 2024 Home Resources Quotient Sciences' Commercial Manufacturing Capabilities Overview We offer commercial manufacturing of small molecule products including niche therapies like oncology, orphan and pediatric indications. Learn more about our capabilities. Download Download Now Date 1 January 2024 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/lead-candidate-gmp-manufacture-navigating-drug-substance-development-journey
From Lead Candidate to GMP Manufacture - Navigating the Drug Substance Development Journey | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact On-Demand Webinar , Drug Substance From Lead Candidate to GMP Manufacture - Navigating the Drug Substance Development Journey 7 December 2023 Home Resources From Lead Candidate to GMP Manufacture - Navigating the Drug Substance Development Journey Overview The journey of drug candidate compound from discovery to kilo-scale GMP manufacture is fraught with technical challenges, regulatory hurdles, and tight timelines. Using case studies, our speaker, Richard Castledine, demonstrates how to manage the following factors in an accelerated timeline. You'll learn how working with an experienced partner from the earliest stages of development can avoid common pitfalls, such as late-stage modification of manufacturing processes requiring repeat toxicological studies or changes to the regulatory strategy. We also discuss how overall timelines to FIH can be reduced by integrating drug substance into drug product using our Translational Pharmaceutics platform. This webinar is of interest to professionals responsible for the development of small molecule APIs and drug products, outsourcing managers, employees of biotechnology start-ups, small and medium pharmaceutical companies as well as drug development consultants. We discuss the critical phases of drug development, and strategies for risk mitigation and timeline acceleration, which can lead to successful completion of drug substance manufacture. Presentation Overview How to select a synthetic route that is safe, regulatory compliant, and economically viable Batch or continuous manufacture, what are the pros and cons How to define GMP starting materials and establish suitable control points The importance of timely development of robust analytical methods Managing risks around process scale-up Material Sourcing Solid state considerations About Richard Casteldine Richard Castledine is Head of Drug Substance Operations at Quotient Sciences. He has 15 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and contract development industries. After completing a PhD in synthetic organic chemistry at the University of Nottingham he worked briefly as a medicinal chemist, before moving into process chemistry. He has led process development of over 25 programs at different stages of development ranging from pre-clinical and Phase I to process validation. In his current role, Richard is responsible for the Analytical Development, Process Research and Development, Solid State Chemistry, and Drug Substance Production Teams. Watch Watch Now Watch Now: From Lead Candidate to GMP Manufacture - Navigating the Drug Substance Development Journey Date 7 December 2023 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/practical-impact-fda-draft-guidance-human-mass-balance-studies
Practical Impact of the FDA Draft Guidance on Human Mass Balance Studies - A year of Client Discussions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Human ADME , First-in-Human Practical Impact of the FDA Draft Guidance on Human Mass Balance Studies - A year of Client Discussions 6 December 2023 Home Resources Practical Impact of the FDA Draft Guidance on Human Mass Balance Studies - A year of Client Discussions Overview In May 2022, the FDA announced new draft guidance on Human Mass Balance Studies​. Dr. Adam Robinson-Miller, Senior Manager 14C Enabled Drug Development at Quotient Sciences, shares his thoughts on their impact and clinical pharmacology considerations. Watch his presentation below and request a copy of the poster for added insight. Download Download Now Download Now: Practical Impact of the FDA Draft Guidance on Human Mass Balance Studies - A year of Client Discussions Date 6 December 2023 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/ascp-2023-phase-1-sad-and-mad-trial-evx-101-novel-gastro-retentive-prolonged-release
ASCP 2023: A Phase 1 SAD and MAD Trial of EVX-101, a Novel Gastro-Retentive Prolonged Release | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Modified Release ASCP 2023: A Phase 1 SAD and MAD Trial of EVX-101, a Novel Gastro-Retentive Prolonged Release 9 October 2023 Home Resources ASCP 2023: A Phase 1 SAD and MAD Trial of EVX-101, a Novel Gastro-Retentive Prolonged Release Overview Presented at ASCP 2023, "A Phase 1 SAD and MAD Trial of EVX-101, a Novel Gastro-Retentive Prolonged Release". Find out about how Quotient Sciences can help accelerate your drug development program. Download Download Now Download Now: ASCP 2023: A Phase 1 SAD and MAD Trial of EVX-101, a Novel Gastro-Retentive Prolonged Release Date 9 October 2023 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/how-accelerate-drug-product-optimization-using-translational-pharmaceuticsr
How to Accelerate Drug Product Optimization Using Translational Pharmaceutics® | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact On-Demand Webinar , Translational Pharmaceutics How to Accelerate Drug Product Optimization Using Translational Pharmaceutics® 5 October 2023 Home Resources How to Accelerate Drug Product Optimization Using Translational Pharmaceutics® Overview Drug product optimization is a critical development step that is common for most drugs that are progressing through today’s development pipelines. Most new drugs require some form of formulation change during their development, whether to respond to suboptimal exposure profiles, to transition from an early development formulation to one suitable for chronic administration in patients, or as part of a life-cycle management strategy. Watch Quotient Sciences’, VP of Scientific Consulting, John McDermott and Senior Drug Development Consultant and Dr. Andrew Parker, as they critically evaluate the existing reformulation paradigm, describe the Translational Pharmaceutics approach and share insights gained from 15 years of experience in accelerating the drug product optimization process using real-world case studies to get new medicines to patients in need faster. Presentation Overview Traditional drug product optimization processes take 12-18 months to complete and place significant emphasis on the predictive power of laboratory and preclinical assessments. This approach is a non-optimal working model necessitated by the multiple disciplines required to develop, make and test new formulations in humans. Quotient Sciences’ integrated development platform, Translational Pharmaceutics ® , was first applied in 2008 to re-engineer and streamline the drug product optimization process, using clinical data to improve decision-making and halve development timelines. Over the past 15 years, Translational Pharmaceutics has now been applied to over 250 drug product optimization programs, for applications including solubility enhancement, modified release and pediatric formulation development activities. Watch Watch Now Watch Now: How to Accelerate Drug Product Optimization Using Translational Pharmaceutics® Date 5 October 2023 Share Learn more about Translational Pharmaceutics Learn More Translational Pharmaceutics, Clinical Pharmacology, First-in-Human Case Study: BioCryst Pharmaceuticals Download Now Translational Pharmaceutics How to Accelerate Drug Product Optimization Using Translational Pharmaceutics® 5 October 2023 Watch Now Learn More Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/eupfi-taste-assessment-study-tenapanor-pediatric-solution-formulations
EuPFI: Taste Assessment Study of Tenapanor Pediatric Solution Formulations | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Pediatrics EuPFI: Taste Assessment Study of Tenapanor Pediatric Solution Formulations 25 September 2023 Home Resources EuPFI: Taste Assessment Study of Tenapanor Pediatric Solution Formulations Overview Presented at EuPFI 2023, "Taste Assessment Study of Tenapanor Pediatric Solution Formulations". Find out about how we can help accelerate your Pediatrics drug development program. Download Download Now Download Now: EuPFI: Taste Assessment Study of Tenapanor Pediatric Solution Formulations Date 25 September 2023 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/drug-drug-interaction-ddi-studies
Drug-Drug Interaction (DDI) Studies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Human ADME Drug-Drug Interaction (DDI) Studies 17 August 2023 Home Resources Drug-Drug Interaction (DDI) Studies Overview Assessing how your drug interacts with other drugs in vivo is a critical step in the drug development process and is essential in ensuring safe and efficacious drug delivery. This assessment is known as a drug-drug interaction (DDI) study and is a regulatory requirement for submissions of investigational new drugs (INDs). Learn more about Quotient Sciences' offering for DDI studies. Download Download Now Date 17 August 2023 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com?page=20
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com?page=18
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/colleague-stories-omer-alp
Colleague Stories: Omer Alp | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Colleague Stories: Omer Alp Careers , Philadelphia Colleague Stories: Omer Alp By: Omer Alp Omer Alp works at our Philadelphia, PA facility in planning and operational excellence (OpEx). In this interview, he shares what a day in the life in his role looks like. Overall, leading teams and launching impactful products that improve patient lives I would have to say is the most rewarding part of my job. Collaborating and navigating complex projects is also incredibly fulfilling. -Omer Alp What does a Director, Integrated Planning and OpEx do at Quotient? In my role at Quotient Sciences, I oversee the lifecycle management of commercial drug products manufacturing, ensuring client satisfaction and on time delivery. In a typical day, I spend my time developing and analyzing strategic KPI metrics for the operations, QC/AD lab, and project management departments. This helps to improve visibility for capacity management and enables better planning. How has your career progressed since joining Quotient Sciences? Since joining Quotient Sciences, I've been promoted from a Senior Product Manager to a Director, and I have led Phase Il, Ill, and commercial drug projects from clinical trials to market readiness. Being in this role has allowed me to utilize my analytical, engineering, and business skills to lead cross-functional teams towards the completion of successful product launches and continuous improvement initiatives. What experience did you have before Quotient Sciences? My background includes roles in project management and process engineering. I have a mechanical engineering and business/program management background from Rowan University, and a leadership certificate from SineMuris Berlin. I have consistently applied this expertise to drive operational excellence. These qualifications have helped me better understand product management and strategic planning in the pharmaceutical industry. Immediately prior to joining the company, I was a Senior Project Manager at Thermo Fisher Scientific, where I led end-to-end technology transfer projects and helped reduce project lifecycle time by 20%. What do you enjoy most about your role? What learning or qualifications have you gained since being here? Overall, leading teams and launching impactful products that improve patient lives I would have to say is the most rewarding part of my job. Collaborating and navigating complex projects is also incredibly fulfilling. Since being at Quotient Sciences, I have been able to hone my skills in project management, planning, dashboard building, and Lean Six Sigma. In the pharmaceutical industry, given how dynamic it is, there is always something to learn as far as improving operational efficiency or with new technology for oral solid dose manufacturing, aseptic manufacturing, and other areas where Quotient Sciences operates. What aspects do you find most challenging? In the pharmaceutical industry, it is crucial to integrate functions like formulation, quality control, and supply chain management while adhering to regulatory standards. Adaptability and innovation are essential to keep up with the fast-paced nature of the industry. Effective communication and collaboration are also especially important for those working in operations so we can ensure quality, safety, and efficacy when the product is delivered to our customers–and ultimately, to patients. What advice would you give to someone applying for a role in your team? At Philadelphia we have a diverse team. Collaboration is a big part of what we do, and we all share a common goal of delivering solutions that advance drug development. Success in our team comes from a combination of technical expertise, strategic thinking, and the ability to work collaboratively across disciplines. My advice to someone joining the company would be to be prepared to embrace challenges and have an open mind for continuous learning. What do you like most about working at Quotient Sciences? The company stands for its commitment to scientific innovation and excellence in program delivery. The supportive culture, recognition of individual contributions, and the impact of our work on patient care have made working here an exceptional place to grow my career. Meet the author: Omer Alp Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/drug-development/accelerate-your-molecules-pathway-ind-beyond
Accelerating Drug Product Pathways to IND | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact How can our drug development program reach IND faster? Accelerate your program to Investigational New Drug Application (IND). Contact Us Home Solutions What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach IND. Fast. The road to an investigational new drug (IND) application can be long, complex and costly. At Quotient Sciences we have proven that we know what it takes to develop a successful drug candidate — through early development and beyond. Our experienced team, global resources, and scientific capabilities enable us to provide a complete assessment of molecule's developability. We work with you to identify the best drug candidates and mitigate risks for you. Support to help you navigate from discovery to IND Once you get to the IND stage, one of the main challenges is the requirement for extensive documentation. The FDA requires a range of documentation such as: Chemistry, manufacturing and control (CMC) data Pharmacology data Toxicology data As an integrated provider with more than 30 years of experience working on small molecule and peptide drug development programs, we can help your path forward. Introducing the Charles River and Quotient Sciences Collaboration We recently partnered with Charles River, a trusted global provider with a breadth of experience and services that complement our own. By integrating services from both companies, we can offer you a comprehensive solution to help prepare your molecule for clinical trials and increase the likelihood of success beyond IND. Charles River Collaboration Read Blog Drug Substance How to Accelerate Your Molecule’s Pathway to IND and Beyond By: Eleanor Row Read Blog Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/introducing-charles-river-and-quotient-sciences-collaboration
Introducing the Charles River and Quotient Sciences Collaboration Skip to main
content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main
navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing
accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto
Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our
Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our
DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our
Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our
scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational
Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn
More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development
timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development
Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating
molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products
through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage,
our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program.
Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug
Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic
labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation,
solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing
Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs.
Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process
validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy
compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative
biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data
management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development
Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C
Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials.
Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your
goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster
Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS /
Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics
Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage
Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are
your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization
Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases
CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need
Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development
stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial
Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines
Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial
supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work
successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and
insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand
Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars
on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles
written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new
scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters.
Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical
drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of
oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with
identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog
Introducing the Charles River and Quotient Sciences Collaboration Industry
Collaboration Introducing the Charles River and Quotient Sciences
Collaboration By: Eleanor Row & Russell Scammell Seamlessly integrated
programs to bridge molecules from discovery into clinical development There
are many challenges that drug developers face when bridging from drug
discovery into pre-clinical and clinical development. Traditionally, the
pharmaceutical industry has been structured around different functional
disciplines (“silos”), and a sponsor often has to split their drug development
program across multiple service providers, including contract development and
manufacturing organizations (CDMOs) and contract research organizations
(CROs). This places the project management burden on the sponsor, creates
white space in the development timeline, limits knowledge and material
sharing, and is ultimately time-consuming and costly. To address these
challenges, Charles River and Quotient Sciences have formed a collaboration,
which leverages the expertise of both companies to create a world-leading
capability that supports customers from discovery through to clinical
development. In this article, we explore the unique features and benefits of
the collaboration. Why have Charles River and Quotient Sciences decided to
collaborate? Charles River provides medicinal chemistry, in-vitro and in-vivo
biology, drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics (DMPK), early pharmaceutics, and
non-clinical safety services to support customers from early discovery,
through to Investigational New Drug (IND)/Clinical Trial Authorization (CTA)
submission, and on to delivery of a new medicine. Quotient Sciences provides
drug substance synthesis and manufacturing , drug product design and
development, clinical trial manufacturing , and clinical testing services,
supporting customers from lead candidate selection all the way through to
commercialization. Through our collaboration, customers can access unique
integrated programs that bridge molecules from early discovery to proof of
concept (POC) and beyond. This removes obstacles from the critical path,
reduces development risks, and shortens the clinical development pathway.
Charles River and Quotient Sciences’ capabilities provide deep scientific
expertise, flexibility for customers, dedicated project teams, and a bespoke
service that is tailored to each development program. What expertise and
experience does each company bring to the collaboration? Each company brings
unique expertise and experience to the collaboration. Charles River has worked
on over 80% of the drugs that have been approved by the US Food and Drug
Administration (FDA) over the last 3 years. They have discovered 92 pre-
clinical candidates, and their scientists are named as co-inventors on over
420 patents. Quotient Sciences works on over 150 new molecules each year, has
published over 200 peer-reviewed papers and posters with customers, and has
been conducting first-in-human (FIH) trials in the US and UK for over 30
years. When it comes to integrated program delivery, Quotient Sciences has
completed 500 integrated programs using their unique, flagship platform,
Translational Pharmaceutics®, saving an average of 18 months of development
time for customers. Translational Pharmaceutics integrates drug substance,
drug product, and clinical testing services under a single organization to
accelerate development timelines and reduce costs. Together, we have a leading
market position. With over 100 years of combined company experience supporting
hundreds of biotechs and all top 20 multi-national pharmaceutical companies,
we have successfully worked on thousands of molecules across all stages of
development. What services and solutions are available through the
collaboration? We offer integrated programs that span our two organizations to
shorten development timelines, including: Discovery – lead optimization and
early pharmaceutics, translational biology, gap analysis Candidate development
– selecting the right molecules to move into development Safety assessment –
late lead optimization to IND-enabling studies and beyond Early development –
accelerating molecules through FIH to POC Late development – accelerating
products through to market authorization Project management – planning and
integration of critical path activities, risk management How does the
collaboration work in practice? Our approach to integrated program delivery is
designed to remove the white space in drug development. Scientific solutions
and key development goals are at the heart of every program, and our agile and
adaptive approach ensures that we meet project needs. Each integrated program
has a dedicated project governance team that spans the entirety of the project
to ensure on-time delivery. Our customers benefit from a culture of quality
science, technical excellence, and direct peer-to-peer communication with
subject matter experts to drive strong collaboration. What are the benefits of
the collaboration for customers? Our customers benefit from holistic
scientific advice and recommendations. We work in multi-disciplinary project
teams, offering unique discovery, CMC (chemistry, manufacturing, and
controls), clinical, and biopharmaceutics know-how all within one team.
Projects are data-driven and led by the science. Through tight integration of
discovery and development activities, we cut through traditional industry
silos and accelerate timelines. In our highly interactive project teams,
cross-functional experts work closely using cutting-edge technologies. This
provides earlier and more informed decision-making, efficient technology
transfer, and joint problem-solving. The collaboration also reduces supply
chain challenges and simplifies the outsourcing process. We manage the
critical path and scheduling of activities for our customers. There is a
seamless transition across the partnering organizations, providing a global
reach and flexible capacity. Overall, there is a seamless transition into
clinical research. We provide the full set of deliverables required to be
“clinic ready”, minimize risks, and improve the chances of clinical success.
Can you give an example of how the collaboration made a difference to a
customer’s program? For a US biotech client focused in the oncology space,
Charles River rapidly identified an alternative candidate molecule based on
efficacy data to progress into late lead optimization. Quotient Sciences
provided GMP manufacturing of the drug substance and associated analytical and
ICH stability studies to support the clinical studies. Early engagement with
Quotient Sciences led to rapid supply of increasing quantities of drug
substance with parallel safety assessment and clinical formulation design. Key
project benefits included: efficient technical transfer within established
project teams minimal transition time between discovery and development rapid
process development of the chemistry, improving the overall yield from
approximately 40% to 70% removing chromatography steps by selecting an
appropriate salt form that was advantageous. The outcome was that over 100 g
of GMP drug substance was delivered to scheduled timelines and specifications,
achieving significant savings for the client. Summary Through this
collaboration, Charles River’s customers can benefit from Quotient Sciences’
expertise in drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing, while
Quotient Sciences’ customers can benefit from Charles River’s expertise in
drug discovery, medicinal chemistry, biology, DMPK, early-stage pharmaceutics,
and formulation and safety assessment. Other key benefits include reduced
management burden and risk, integrated project management, and increased
efficiencies by removing duplication between discovery and development
partners. Together, we offer integration and a seamless transition through the
discovery-to-development process. Get more information Check out this video ,
to learn more. Meet the author: Eleanor Row & Russell Scammell Share: Latest
blogs Industry Collaboration Introducing the Charles River and Quotient
Sciences Collaboration By: Eleanor Row & Russell Scammell Learn more Contact
us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us
Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms
of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/quotient-sciences-aseptic-development-manufacturing-capabilities
Quotient Sciences Aseptic Development & Manufacturing Capabilities | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Formulation Development Quotient Sciences Aseptic Development & Manufacturing Capabilities 27 October 2022 Home Resources Quotient Sciences Aseptic Development & Manufacturing Capabilities Overview At Quotient Sciences, we have over 30 years of experience in the development of parenteral drug products, from candidate development through to clinical trial manufacturing via aseptic filtration techniques. Our innovative approach enables rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration, with a strong emphasis on environmental and process controls. Download Download Now Date 27 October 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/development-x-ray-diffraction-method-quantification-api
Development of X-ray Diffraction Method | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Translational Pharmaceutics , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , First-in-Human , Formulation Development Digital RDD 2020 Poster: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized API 26 April 2020 Home Resources Digital RDD 2020 Poster: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized API Overview Request a copy of our poster, 'Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized API.' Typically, in developing dry powder inhaler (DPI) formulations, a stable crystalline form of the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) is desired. However, often to produce crystalline particles of suitable size for inhalation, micronization processes will be required, resulting in surface amorphous material which may affect the efficacy of the product. If required, additional conditioning/processing steps may then be applied to the API (or to ensure drug product stability under use) without requiring any additional solid-state characterization of the API in the drug product. Download Download Now Download Now: Digital RDD 2020 Poster: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized API Date 26 April 2020 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/inhaled-development
Inhaled Drug Product Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Inhaled Drug Product Development Developing an inhaled drug product? Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Inhaled Development Leverage our integrated capabilities in nasal and pulmonary delivery. Loading... Quotient Sciences has expertise in the development and manufacturing of inhaled drug products over the last four decades. We support a range of drug delivery platforms including dry powder inhalers (DPIs) and solutions/suspensions for inhalation. Integrated capabilities proven to accelerate molecules for our customers Our integrated capabilities and knowledge of nasal and pulmonary delivery, helps our customers accelerate their molecules from first-in-human, through to proof-of-concept and into full development. Nasal and pulmonary delivery Our extensive expertise and capabilities for nasal and pulmonary delivery include: Preformulation and API characterisation Formulation and process development Inhaled device evaluation and selection Clinical manufacturing and supply (Phase I-III) Clinical pharmacology assessments Processing and analytical equipment We have a wide range of processing and analytical equipment to support the development and manufacture of inhaled drug products: Spray drying Micronization Blending and encapsulation Aerosol characterization Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics
Translational Pharmaceutics®: Integrated Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Translational Pharmaceutics® Proven to accelerate drug development for over 15 years. Download Whitepaper Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics A different approach to drug development. We brought meaningful innovation to the pharmaceutical industry in 2008 with Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® – a unique drug delivery platform proven to shorten development times by more than 12 months. Proven to reduce time, cost and complexity for over 15 years. Over 15 years and more than 500 programs completed, Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform is still a proven choice to accelerate molecules through development and reach the market, faster. Download Fact Sheet Integrated capabilities for drug substance, clinical testing & drug product development. Translational Pharmaceutics® accelerates molecules through development by integrating traditionally siloed services. Drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing activities are traditionally siloed. Oftentimes, multiple providers are selected to handle these activities, creating handovers between providers that add time and cost to the drug development process. The Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform allows us to optimize your drug development needs. By integrating those activities, we help you reach key milestones as quickly and efficiently as possible. Understanding the dependencies between drug substance properties, formulation design, and clinical outcomes enables us to enhance development efficiency and help you achieve your goals at each development stage: Bridging from candidate development to first in human (FIH) studies Accelerating molecules from FIH to proof of concept (POC) Rapid drug product optimization Manufacturing your product at commercial scale Image Contact Us Benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics® A faster, integrated approach to drug development. Timeline acceleration by 12 months or more Cost savings in R&D spend Better decisions based on emerging human clinical data Provides flexibility to adjust formulation composition within a study Conserves drug substance by up to 85% Streamlines & simplifies vendor management & supply chain Validated by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development The Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for drug development has been used on over 500 drug programs. The financial benefits and time savings were quantified in a publication by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD). Read The Report What our customers say about Translational Pharmaceutics® Read real insight from small and large pharmaceutical and biotech companies about their experiences working with Quotient Sciences and leveraging our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for their drug program. Ready to discuss how Translational Pharmaceutics® can be applied to save time and cost in your next drug program? Contact us today. Let's Talk Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects. Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio Drug Product Optimization Unique and innovative formulations help our customers achieve their drug program goals. Find out about our rapid formulation optimization programs. Learn More Now With Drug Substance Seamless coordination between drug substance and drug product manufacturing results in efficient and accelerated drug development. Learn More Tufts Report Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) compares the savings and financial benefits for drug developers that use Translational Pharmaceu... Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/aaps-2020-poster-flexible-formulation-assessments-fih-studies-poorly-soluble-drugs
Flexible formulation assessments in FIH studies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development AAPS 2020 Poster: Flexible formulation assessments in FIH studies for poorly soluble drugs accelerates dosage form development, manufacturing and supply for patient POC trials 5 November 2020 Home Resources AAPS 2020 Poster: Flexible formulation assessments in FIH studies for poorly soluble drugs accelerates dosage form development, manufacturing and supply for patient POC trials Overview Download our poster from AAPS 2020 entitled, 'Flexible formulation assessments in FIH studies for poorly soluble drugs accelerates dosage form development, manufacturing & supply for patient POC trials'. Here we describe how the integration of formulation development, compounding, and GMP manufacturing activities within the FIH to POC program can streamline development and maximize the potential for clinical success. Download Download Now Download Now: AAPS 2020 Poster: Flexible formulation assessments in FIH studies for poorly soluble drugs accelerates dosage form development, manufacturing and supply for patient POC trials Date 5 November 2020 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/first-human-fih-study-assess-safety-tolerability-and-pharmacokinetics-single-and-multiple
A First-in-Human (FIH) Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Single and Multiple Doses, and Alternative Formulations of R941552 (R552): A selective Receptor Interacting Protein 1 (RIP1) Kinase Inhibitor | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , First-in-Human , Translational Pharmaceutics , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Formulation Development A First-in-Human (FIH) Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Single and Multiple Doses, and Alternative Formulations of R941552 (R552): A selective Receptor Interacting Protein 1 (RIP1) Kinase Inhibitor 24 March 2022 Home Resources A First-in-Human (FIH) Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Single and Multiple Doses, and Alternative Formulations of R941552 (R552): A selective Receptor Interacting Protein 1 (RIP1) Kinase Inhibitor Overview IPK1 (receptor-interacting serine/threonine kinase 1) mediates cell survival through NF-kB, or cell death through apoptosis or necroptosis downstream of TNF receptor activation. R552 is a potent and selective RIPK1 inhibitor that has been shown to block inflammatory cell death (necroptosis). R552 is being developed for the treatment of autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. Preclinical data suggested that solubility may limit exposure; alternative formulations were also assessed in this first-in-human (FIH) study. Download Download Now Download Now: A First-in-Human (FIH) Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Single and Multiple Doses, and Alternative Formulations of R941552 (R552): A selective Receptor Interacting Protein 1 (RIP1) Kinase Inhibitor Date 24 March 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/applications-lipid-based-formulations-and-benefits-integrating-manufacturing-and-clinical?preview=1
Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection Home Resources Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection Overview The purpose of this study is to analyze pharmaceutical and clinical data from multiple development programs to understand the drivers and outcomes of selecting and dosing different lipid formulations. Download Download Now Download Now: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/solubility-enhancement
Solubility Enhancement | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Solubility Enhancement Overcome solubility challenges with your molecule. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Solubility Enhancement Accelerate the development of poorly soluble drugs, with our help. Loading... Recognizing that poor solubility is becoming increasingly prevalent in drug pipelines, Quotient Sciences has has established a broad suite of technologies and formulation approaches to solve your solubility challenges. Accelerating the Development of Enabled Formulations for Poorly Soluble Drugs using Translational Pharmaceutics® As the number of poorly soluble compounds continues to increase in the industry development pipeline, conventional formulation strategies may not be sufficient to achieve acceptable levels of solubility. Our expertise in formulation development can help you achieve clinical success, even for the most challenging molecules. In our latest whitepaper, learn about the benefits of using Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform of integrated drug substance, drug product and clinical testing activities to reduce the time and cost of bringing drugs to market. Download Whitepaper Translational Pharmaceutics® Spray Drying One proven method of improving the solubility and bioavailability of your drug candidates is spray drying. The technique involves dissolving the drug in an organic solvent in the presence of a polymer. The resulting solution is then spray dried to form a dispersion (a spray-dried dispersion or SDD). Quotient Sciences has a track record of developing and manufacturing SDDs to overcome poor drug solubility and delivery challenges. Over the past several years, we have advanced more than 25 SDD formulations into clinical studies. Using state-of-the-art equipment, including ProCepT spray dryers for up to 1 kg batches and a Niro Mobile Minor spray dryer for batches of 1 to 10 kg, we develop your SDDs using both aqueous and solvent-based processing intended for both oral and inhaled drug delivery. Developed SDDs can be administered either as powder-in-bottle reconstitution prior to dosing or formulated as a powder-in-capsule or tablet presentation. Spray Drying Lipidic Vehicles and Complexes Recent years have seen lipid-based drug delivery systems and complexes become increasingly important tools in the quest to improve the oral bioavailability of poorly soluble drugs. Lipid-based solubility enhancement has developed from the observation that many poorly water-soluble drugs see an improvement in bioavailability when administered with a fat-rich meal; essentially the stimulation of biliary secretion can promote drug solubilization within the GI tract. Lipidic vehicles are designed to mimic this effect by pre-dissolving the drug within an appropriate lipid structure, thus bypassing the need for the poorly soluble, crystalline material to dissolve in situ. Similarly, cyclodextrin drug-inclusion complexes act to improve aqueous solubility by essentially shielding the hydrophobic drug within an interior cavity of the hydrophilic cyclodextrin, thus enabling the entire complex to drive improved oral bioavailability. Quotient Sciences has expertise in the development of lipid-based and complex drug delivery vehicles. We can help you screen for a range of lipidic and complexation vehicles including self-emulsifying drug delivery systems, self-microemulsifying drug delivery systems, single oil phases and cyclodextrins. Your formulations are then characterized in vitro, prior to progression into the clinic. Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/eupfi-2021-development-novel-pediatric-belumosudil-oral-suspension
EuPFI 2021: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Pediatrics , Formulation Development EuPFI 2021: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Home Resources EuPFI 2021: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Overview Download Quotient Sciences' scientific poster entitled, 'EuPFI 2021 - Development of a Novel Paediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension'. Belumosudil, a ROCK2 selective inhibitor, is currently in development for the treatment of immune disorders. A formulation was required suitable for a pediatric patient population aged between three months and twelve years. This development program aimed to develop a suitable, novel belumosudil oral suspension formulation using age-appropriate excipients to be used in a relative bioavailability assessment of the suspension compared to the reference adult tablet formulation. A liquid formulation enables flexible dosing by varying the dose volume according to the age and/or body weight of the patient. Download Download Now Download Now: EuPFI 2021: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/formulation-design
Formulation Design Services | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Formulation Design Access formulation design expertise in a variety of drug product formats. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Formulation Design Leverage over 30 years of formulation design expertise. Quotient Sciences’ formulation teams have vast experience and a proven track record across an array of drug product formats for administration via oral, inhaled, topical, rectal and parenteral routes. We are trusted experts in formulation design. We have formulated over 1,500 molecules at all development stages Our approach for formulation design and development has been validated by our experience with over 1,500 molecules at all stages of drug development for our global customers needs. Drug product formats for administration Solid oral dosage forms API or formulated API in a bottle or capsule Immediate, modified, and sustained release tablets Multiparticulates, mini-tablets and granules Liquid filled capsules Orally disintegrating tablets (ODT) Oral & inhaled dosage forms Dry powders Solutions Suspensions Solubility-enhanced dosage forms Amorphous (Spray-dried, HME) dispersions Lipidic vehicles \- Self-emulsifying drug delivery systems (SEDDS) \- Self-micro emulsifying drug delivery systems (SMEDDS) Particle size reduction Complexation Parenterals Intravenous (IV) Intramuscular (IM) Subcutaneous (SC) Gels, ointments & creams Topical Rectal Go further with Quotient Sciences Aseptic Manufacturing Rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration. Learn More Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/pediatric-development
Pediatric Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Pediatric Formulation Development Customized pediatric dosage form solutions. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Pediatric Development Integrated solutions, that meet your complex pediatric product challenges. Loading... The development of acceptable, palatable pediatric formulations is a key feature within the industry today, driven by patient needs and regulatory requirements. Quotient Sciences can provide you with a unique integrated pediatric development solution. Pediatric formulation development Our scientists have considerable experience in developing palatable formulations in the OTC/consumer health care industry and have successfully developed customized pediatric pharmaceutical formulations which have received regulatory approval. Taste masking We have an extensive track record developing age-appropriate dosage forms of aversive, bitter drug substances using a range of taste-modifying and taste-masking techniques without compromising on product stability and PK performance. Taste assessment and PK studies Using our integrated GMP manufacturing and clinical testing platform, we perform rapid, adaptive trials in humans to optimize taste attributes and/or PK performance to ensure clinical validation prior to proceeding to pivotal pediatric trials. Pediatric Drug Development Solutions Find out more about our customized solutions to meet your unique pediatric program needs. Pediatrics Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Formulation Development Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/how-strong-sponsor-and-crocdmo-partnerships-help-streamline-orphanrare-and-pediatric-drug
How strong sponsor and CRO/CDMO partnerships help streamline orphan/rare and pediatric drug development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog How strong sponsor and CRO/CDMO partnerships help streamline orphan/rare and pediatric drug development Pediatrics , Orphan Rare , Nazim Kanji How strong sponsor and CRO/CDMO partnerships help streamline orphan/rare and pediatric drug development By: Nazim Kanji In the US, rare diseases are defined as those affecting fewer than 200,000 people, and according to the EU definition, rare diseases affect fewer than five in 10,000 people [1, 2]. Many rare diseases are genetically inherited conditions and can include forms of full or partial blindness, hemophilia, and liver disease, as well as certain forms of cancer. Patients living with a rare disease often struggle with diagnosis of their condition, since a rare disease may come with broad symptoms that make it difficult to distinguish between diseases or between patients having the same disease. Some patients may even be misdiagnosed throughout their lifetime, and it may take years and multiple visits to health care providers (HCPs) and specialists to find suitable treatment options – if any do exist. Since the passing of the Orphan Drug Act into law in the United States in 1983, the FDA has approved hundreds of drugs for rare diseases in the past four decades. Last year, the FDA approved 28 new therapies for orphan/rare indications, amounting to half of the new drugs approved [3]. Similar regulations also exist in the EU, but despite the incentives in both regions many rare diseases do not have approved or suitable treatments available. Constrained R&D budgets, challenging product development, and clinical recruitment, and reimbursement negotiations are among the obstacles faced by drug developers. Another reality of rare diseases is that many are prevalent in children, requiring additional time and cost to develop age-appropriate and palatable dosage forms. Selecting the right development partner with a proven track record can be crucial in easing the burden and achieving market success in orphan/rare drug development. And because many rare diseases impact children and can be fatal in infants and early childhood, the need for new treatments is even more critical. When selecting an optimal contract research, development, manufacturing, and service organization (CRO/CDMO) partner, the availability of integrated chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) and clinical research services from one company can be invaluable to streamline drug development processes. Additionally, the expertise of the CRO/CDMO can make all the difference in the development of age-appropriate liquid and solid dose formulations that are easier for infants and children to swallow. These can include solutions, suspensions, powder for reconstitution, and minitablets, and the taste and palatability challenges of these forms need to be overcome and confirmed by taste assessment studies. Case study: Clinical assessment of Maralixibat for rare pediatric liver diseases via real-time personalized GMP manufacturing Alagille Syndrome (ALGS), an autosomal genetic disease, and Progressive Familial Intrahepatic Cholestasis (PFIC), a group of cholestatic conditions, are both forms of rare pediatric liver diseases. Maralixibat is an oral small-molecule ileal bile acid transporter (IBAT) inhibitor that was first approved by the US FDA in 2021 for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients with ALGS, ages 1 and older [6]. In its development, Quotient Sciences worked with the client on a high level of customization of the drug product to support an extensive Phase II/III clinical program based upon mg/kg dosing of patients. The client had the potential need to adapt the product during the treatment phase if there was a change in body weight of >10%. A real-time adaptive platform was configured by Quotient Sciences which enabled a personalized solution product to be manufactured, labeled, and supplied globally, ready for dosing within 1-3 weeks of subject eligibility being confirmed. Products were re-supplied to each patient every 1-3 months based on individual needs and response to treatment. In total, six studies were supported involving manufacturing over 2,000 individual products for dosing in over 180 patients across 27 sites in 9 countries. As of March 2024, Maralixibat is now also approved by the FDA for the treatment of cholestatic pruritus in patients ages 5 and older with progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis (PFIC) [4], offering new treatment options for pediatric patients. References The Orphan Drug Act: Implementation and Impact (OEI-09-00-00380; 5/01) (hhs.gov) Regulation (EC) No 141/2000 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 December 1999 on orphan medicinal products (legislation.gov.uk) https://fda.gov/news-events/fda-voices/fda-approves-many-new-drugs-2023-will-benefit-patients-and-consumers https://fiercepharma.com/pharma/mirum-scores-second-fda-nod-rare-liver-disease-drug-livmarli-one-treat-pfic Meet the author: Nazim Kanji Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/strategies-development-and-manufacture-highly-potent-compounds
Manufacture of Highly Potent Compounds | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Strategies for the Development and Manufacture of Highly Potent Compounds High Potency APIs , Clinical Trial Manufacturing Strategies for the Development and Manufacture of Highly Potent Compounds By: Catherine Wilkes & Robert Alfred High-potency active pharmaceutical ingredients ( HPAPIs ) are becoming increasingly common in drug development pipelines. This is especially the case in the oncology sector as researchers look for therapies with greater selectivity and pharmacological activity. However, HPAPIs present additional chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) challenges due to the containment required to protect both operators and manufacturing facilities. Production processes may also require greater precision and control due to the very small quantities of drug present in the final dosage form. For drug developers, working with a contract development and manufacturing organization ( CDMO ) that has a long track record of successfully handling HPAPIs is essential. With over 30 years of experience in small-molecule drug development , Quotient Sciences possesses the expertise to overcome the challenges that arise with HPAPIs. Our facilities are configured with the necessary engineering controls for handling and processing HPAPIs. We offer our customers an end-to-end development solution, from early-phase formulation screening through to clinical and commercial manufacturing. This article discusses why it is important to classify HPAPIs and how they are evaluated, how HPAPI facilities are qualified, and strategies to ensure containment and safety when handling HPAPIs. Why is it important to classify HPAPIs? The concept of Acceptable Workplace Exposure Levels (AWELs) and Occupational Exposure Limits (OELs) is based on the premise that workers who are handling material may be exposed to a defined level of chemical substances without significantly increasing the risk of adverse health effects. The maximum concentration for this exposure is based on the known toxicological characteristics of the compound in question. When an exposure limit is established, workplace controls must be designed to achieve the appropriate level of containment in order to ensure adequate protection of employees. In recent years, a number of systems have been proposed for categorizing drug substances according to their potency, based on the use of OELs or Occupational Exposure Banding (OEB) systems. The basis for the development of these systems in the pharmaceutical industry was for the prevention of adverse health effects when working with active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs). The concept of the Performance-Based Level of Exposure Classification (PBLEC) system is based on establishing controls determined by the hazards and risks posed by handling specific compounds. These compounds do not usually have an AWEL or OEL established. The PBLEC concept of control strategies gives the necessary guidance to achieve the desired level of containment or control. Engineering controls are the primary method of control to ensure employee safety. Further administrative and personal protective equipment (PPE) controls are secondary and tertiary controls, respectively. New drugs in the early stages of development often have very little safety data available, making classification difficult for the Environmental, Health, and Safety (EHS) professional. The PBLEC guideline allows the EHS professional to categorize compounds that have very little safety data in order to estimate their toxicity. How are HPAPIs evaluated? At Quotient Sciences, the 5-band PBLEC system is used. Each PBLEC band covers a range of airborne concentrations of substances in an 8-hour time-weighted average (TWA). In our facilities, we can handle PBLEC1 compounds (OEL >1000 µg/m 3 ) through to PBLEC5 compounds (OEL ≥0.1 μg/m 3 ) depending on the type of drug product and batch size required. PBLEC1 compounds have low pharmacological activity and are considered relatively safe to handle. PBLEC5 compounds are extremely toxic and/or have very high pharmacological activity. At Quotient Sciences, PBLEC4 compounds are considered highly potent and PBLEC5 compounds are considered extremely potent. Both require handling with specified HPAPI controls. The factors considered when classifying a compound include AWELs or OELs for structurally related compounds, pharmacological class/activity, mutagenicity, carcinogenicity, and reproductive toxicity. At Quotient Sciences, the PBLEC system is applied independently to analytical, formulation development, and manufacturing operations. The three areas have individualized strategies outlined for personnel working with the APIs. These include containment of the compounds, personal protection, training, disposal, signage, ventilation, and industrial/occupational hygiene monitoring. How are HPAPI facilities and engineering controls qualified? Surrogate monitoring or control performance target (CPT) testing is used to assess the suitability of Quotient Sciences’ HPAPI manufacturing suites and engineering controls. This testing is conducted using a non-potent powder (e.g. sodium naproxen) with a high dustiness quotient and challenging electrostatic properties to mimic the API. The purpose of this testing is to simulate operating conditions and prove the effectiveness of the engineering controls/facility design. How do you ensure containment and safety when handling HPAPIs? To handle HPAPIs safely, manufacturing practices have moved away from reliance on PPE alone, with current practices focusing on “containment at source” to prevent operator exposure. This is achieved through the effective use of engineering controls (e.g. local exhaust ventilation (LEV) devices, full hard-shell or flexible containment, and closed transfer systems). The type of engineering control required is dependent on the PBLEC category of the API and the risk of operator exposure to inhalable powder particles from the manufacturing process. In addition to the primary engineering controls, to ensure containment at source, other facility designs (e.g. air change rates, high-efficiency particulate air (HEPA) filtration, airlocks) and administrative controls (e.g. safe methods of working, operator training) are employed. PPE that is appropriate to the task is also required. Containment strategies may differ slightly in the laboratory compared to the manufacturing area due to the lower quantity of API being handled (i.e. milligram compared to kilogram scale), but the same principles of operator protection are employed. Summary Quotient Sciences has invested heavily in specialized facilities in both the UK and the US to provide the necessary containment, engineering controls, and personnel protection needed to safely handle HPAPIs and to prevent cross-contamination. Our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities have undergone multiple EHS audits to ensure that they meet current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) standards and have been inspected by several major global regulatory agencies. Our risk-management program includes ongoing EHS monitoring and surrogate testing to ensure consistent control over our processes, facilities, cleaning procedures, and standard operating procedures (SOPs). To find out more about Quotient Sciences’ HPAPI handling capabilities, click here . Meet the author: Catherine Wilkes & Robert Alfred Share: Latest blogs Clinical Trial Manufacturing Clinical Manufacturing: What it is, how it works & FAQs from drug developers By: Kieran Edwards Learn more High Potency APIs, Clinical Trial Manufacturing Strategies for the Development and Manufacture of Highly Potent Compounds By: Catherine Wilkes & Robert Alfred Learn more Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Clinical Trial Supplies Getting product to the right patient at the right time: Flexible, on-demand product manufacturing and clinical trial supplies By: Nick McEntee Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/understanding-challenges-working-products-containing-high-potency-active-pharmaceutical
HPAPIs | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Understanding the challenges of working with products containing high-potency active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs) High Potency APIs , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Commercial Manufacturing Understanding the challenges of working with products containing high-potency active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs) The search for new therapeutic treatments has unveiled a class of compounds known as High-Potency Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients ( HPAPIs ), whose current market size (as of 2019) was approximately $17 billion and is expected to increase to $25-30 billion over the next 5-7 years 1 . HPAPIs produce a response, or pharmacological effect, at a very low dose and offer benefits in numerous areas such as oncology drug development . It is essential to understand the hazards posed by any new drug compound before its handling or manufacturing, but it becomes more important for HPAPIs due to the risks associated with potential exposure. There is often an incomplete toxicology package available for new compounds at the early stages of drug development to make proper safety assessments. In such cases, the compound is evaluated for factors including but not limited to carcinogenicity and cytotoxicity, source of origin (synthetic/semi-synthetic/biologic), targeted disease and mode of action, preferred dosage form and estimated dose if known, and physicochemical properties. To ensure safe handling, pharmaceutical scientists and manufacturing technicians who work with HPAPIs must be suitably protected, and there must be rigorous controls and procedures in place at the facility where HPAPIs are handled. It's critical to have procedures in place to minimize cross-contamination among products made in the manufacturing facility. In some cases, personnel may also be placed under medical monitoring to ensure their long-term safety from any future, untoward effect. We use a five-band system called the “Performance-Based Level of Exposure Classification," or PBLEC, to categorize a compound in one of five bands. PBLEC 1 is the least potent compound, offering no pharmacological activity, to PBLEC 5, which is highly potent, toxic, or with high pharmacological activity. To meet safety and regulatory expectations, we routinely check our containment procedures and processes to mitigate cross-contamination risk and adopt best practices in the handling of HPAPIs. We ensure that there is no cross-contamination through the implementation of various procedures based on source (by elimination and protection), risk (by reduction), and vulnerability (by engineering and administrative controls), such as: Special GMP manufacturing suites with restricted access are used to manufacture HPAPIs, which have air-handling units with single-pass air and HEPA filtration. The suites are negatively pressured to ensure that the surrounding atmosphere is not impacted and have an airlock for entry and an air and mist shower for the exit. Facilities are evaluated using surrogate testing. Manufacturing equipment is evaluated and designed to minimize exposure and mitigate the risk of cross-contamination. Dedicated equipment parts and additional containment are also used when necessary. Verification of cleanliness of both equipment and facility after use by analyzing cleaning swabs using HPLC/UPLC. Our personnel undergo rigorous training in the handling of HPAPIs and wear appropriate Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), including a Powered Air-Purifying Respirator (PAPR) Choosing a CDMO with expertise in handling HPAPIs Working with a CDMO who has a long track record of successfully handling HPAPIs is essential. Contact us today to learn how we can help your next program. References: 1\. N. Walker, HPAPI Market Trends, 2018, https://www.contractpharma.com/issues/2018-09-01/view_features/hpapi-market-trends/ 2\. Bornett D., Pharm. Technol., 2008 (4) Supplement (2008). http:// www.pharmtech.com/high-potency-apis-containment-and-handling-issues Share: Latest blogs Clinical Trial Manufacturing Clinical Manufacturing: What it is, how it works & FAQs from drug developers By: Kieran Edwards Learn more High Potency APIs, Clinical Trial Manufacturing Strategies for the Development and Manufacture of Highly Potent Compounds By: Catherine Wilkes & Robert Alfred Learn more Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Clinical Trial Supplies Getting product to the right patient at the right time: Flexible, on-demand product manufacturing and clinical trial supplies By: Nick McEntee Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/formulation-optimization
Rapid Formulation Optimization | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Rapid Formulation Optimization Increase your drug product's potential for success Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Formulation Optimization Leverage our expertise to optimize your drug product formulation. Fast. More and more, emerging drugs have suboptimal properties that require formulation optimization to achieve their full potential. Leverage our decades of formulation of expertise and our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform for integrated drug development to manufacture, test, and optimize new formulations, fast. Why Translational Pharmaceutics® can make a difference to your formulation development Translational Pharmaceutics ® can be applied to design, manufacture, and optimize new formulations based on emerging clinical data. This innovative approach of combining rapid formulation development and clinical testing is designed to accelerate formulation optimization and overcome the challenges of conventional development methods. Additionally, Translational Pharmaceutics ® allows for the unique inclusion of a formulation design space in initial regulatory submissions and clinical protocols. This means we can provide you with the flexibility to optimize the composition of critical-to-performance excipients and dosage strengths relative to clinical performance. Tailored to your needs Our team works with you to design a customized program to deliver your objectives in the most timely and cost-efficient way. We can apply Translational Pharmaceutics ® to reformulation efforts for new chemical entities, as well as during life cycle management of existing drugs, to help you: Save time by reducing the CMC data package needed for your clinical assessments Maximize flexibility by allowing you to fine-tune formulation compositions Increase potential for success by facilitating decisions based on clinical data Conserve valuable API by moving drug product scale-up from the critical path Support for your formulation challenges For over 15 years, we've leveraged our expertise in formulation development to help customers optimize their most challenging molecules. Evaluation and selection of solubilization technologies Optimization of modified release systems Improvement of taste, palatability and acceptability Development of combination products or changed routes of delivery Understanding quality by design of product and process variables Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/scientific-poster-spotlight-human-adme-integrated-radiolabeled-study-determine-mass-balance-metabolite-profile-and-identification
Scientific Poster Spotlight on Human ADME | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Scientific Poster Spotlight on Human ADME: An Integrated Radiolabeled Study of Nolasiban in Healthy Female Subjects Human ADME , Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight on Human ADME: An Integrated Radiolabeled Study of Nolasiban in Healthy Female Subjects At the International Society for the Study of Xenobiotics (ISSX) conference in September 2021, Quotient Sciences [1] and ObsEva [2] presented a scientific poster describing a 14 C open-label, two-part radiolabeled study in female subjects to assess the absorption and disposition of nolasiban after oral and intravenous (IV) administrations and to determine the mass balance, routes and rates of metabolism and excretion, and absolute bioavailability. Nolasiban is an orally active oxytocin receptor antagonist being developed by ObsEva to enhance the receptivity of the endometrium to embryo implantation. The radiolabeled drug product was manufactured in a GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) suite co-located with the clinical pharmacology unit. Cohort 1 received a single oral dose of 14 C-nolasiban. Total radioactivity analysis was performed on blood, plasma, urine, and feces samples. Plasma samples were analyzed for nolasiban. Cohort 2 received a single oral dose of nolasiban followed by an IV infusion of 14 C-nolasiban. Plasma samples were analyzed for nolasiban and 14 C-nolasiban. Mass balance data showed that a mean of 94% of the administered radioactivity was recovered over the 240-hour sampling period. Renal elimination was found to be the main route of elimination. The absolute bioavailability of nolasiban was evaluated to be 77.4%. The proposed metabolic pathway for nolasiban was characterized by oxidation (hydroxylation) and conjugation with glucuronic acid. Overall, the integration of the radiolabeled human IV microtracer, mass balance, and metabolism study was an efficient and effective method to understand the human drug disposition of nolasiban. Access the poster Poster authors: 1\. Quotient Sciences: I Shaw, S Sidhu 2\. ObsEva: L Marchand, J-P Gotteland 3\. Ex-ObsEva: O Pohl 4\. Pharmaron-UK: R Cooke Share: Latest blogs Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism, and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects Learn more Human ADME, Clinical Pharmacology Scientific Poster Spotlight: A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes Learn more Drug Substance, Clinical Pharmacology Innovation Spotlight: Will Psychedelics Revolutionize the Treatment of Mental Illnesses? By: Emilie Bergström Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/first-human
First-In-Human (FIH) Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact First-In-Human Formulation Development How do I select the most appropriate first-in-human formulation? Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development First-In-Human Support for rapid progression to your first-in-human evaluation. Quotient Sciences’ focus is on delivering the most appropriate formulations to expedite your clinical program, through dosing within our own Phase I clinical facilities or at an external site. Rapid progression to FIH when required We work with you to support rapid progression to your first-in-human (FIH) evaluation where required, ensuring that your ultimate drug product presentation goals can be seamlessly transitioned following confirmation of molecule safety and tolerability. Our formulators’ experience is built on years of work integrating formulation development and clinical evaluation. As a result, our development is based on an understanding of the intended indication including drug products designed for chronic dosing or for pediatric populations. Our breadth of formulations developed for first-in-human studies includes: APIs in a bottle or capsule Solutions Suspensions Tablets Capsules Parenterals Solubility-enhanced dosage forms First in Human (FIH) to Proof of Concept (POC) Find out more about accelerating molecules from FIH to POC. FIH > POC Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/integrated-programs/candidate-development
Drug Candidate Selection & Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Candidate Selection & Development We help you select the right molecules for development Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Integrated Programs Candidate Development Trusted expertise to help you select the best drug candidate. Loading... The evaluation of a drug candidate's developability is a pivotal stage in the drug development process. We offer holistic services to help you assess and select the best molecules for further development. Over 30 years of experience in drug development, clinical testing, and drug manufacturing A multidisciplinary scientific team assigned to your project for holistic assessment and insight into the developability of your target candidate Integrated capabilities that offer a faster, more cost-effective route to reach the clinic for FIH trials We know what it takes to develop a successful drug. What is the drug candidate selection process? Drug candidate selection is the process of identifying the best molecules that can be developed into a new treatment for a specific disease or illness. Given the number of new chemical entity (NCE) candidates, we understand that our customers frequently face challenges when selecting the most promising candidate to continue forward into further development. Our candidate selection process involves several stages, including target identification, discovery, optimization, and preclinical testing. We offer an integrated solution for your drug candidate selection that maximizes the candidates potential to reach first-in-human (FIH) clinical trials. Why partner with Quotient Sciences at the drug candidate selection stage of your program? Quotient Sciences offers integrated services for the lifecycle of your drug program, starting from candidate selection through to commercial manufacturing. The integration of scientific capabilities through our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform enable us to provide a complete assessment of the developability of your molecule. This allows us to quickly identify the best drug candidates – the potential winners – for your drug development program. In combination with our agile and adaptive approach to project management, our teams ensure that projects are delivered on-time and on-budget, allowing you to mitigate risks and shorten the time to reach the clinic. Your partner to bring new treatments to market. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we have worked with countless companies across the pharmaceutical industry over the last 30 years. Speak with one of our experts to learn more about our capabilities and how we can help you reach your program's milestones. Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/drug-substance-drug-product-benefits-working-integrated-services-provider
Drug Substance to Drug Product to Clinic | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog From Drug Substance to Drug Product to Clinic: Benefits of working with an integrated services provider Integrated Programs , Drug Substance , Drug Product , Clinical Pharmacology , Candidate Development From Drug Substance to Drug Product to Clinic: Benefits of working with an integrated services provider By: Dr. Paul Quigley Dr. Paul Quigley, Principal Research Fellow, Drug Substance, discusses the ways that we can support customers with integrated strategies for scaling drug substance and drug product from early stages of molecule selection and development, through to the clinic, and beyond. At Quotient Sciences, we engage with customers from the point of candidate drug selection, helping to ensure that the lead compounds can be manufactured in sufficient quantities to support initial toxicology and preclinical studies, while also being equipped to scale up the manufacturing processes to produce clinical drug substance to pharmaceutically acceptable, cGMP standards. Supporting Candidate Selection to First-in-Human When developing a drug substance manufacturing process, the chemistry of the impurities generated is as important as the purity of the compound itself. Since small differences in impurities can have a profound impact on the toxicological profile of the compound, our expertise in analytical sciences allows us to identify, quantify, and control the impurities generated in the manufacturing process. Just a few of the ways that we support customers include setting clinical phase-appropriate specifications, synthesizing analytical reference standards, and developing and validating analytical methods. Specifically, when it comes to synthetic route design, the combined experience of our scientific team ensures that the shortest, most scalable, and most economical route to drug substance can be developed. Our synthetic chemists are constantly on the lookout for new technologies that could give us the option to shorten and simplify the drug substance development process, whether by taking stages of chemistry out of the process or tapping into commercially available raw materials that can be converted in a small number of synthetic steps to the target compound. R ecent additions to our technology portfolio have included Synthetic Biology (particularly Biocatalysis), where we have several academic-sponsored studentships running. We also have a technology group in place for a three-year INNOVATE UK program with the University of Nottingham focused on continuous manufacturing using flow chemistry. Flow technology for large-scale chemical production is not new, but recent equipment developments have enabled this to be applied on a much smaller scale. In principle, flow technology involves running reagents and solvents through a high-intensity process, usually with higher temperature and pressure in a pipe (plug flow) or continuous stirred tank (CSTR). Unlike traditional batch processes, flow technology involves the continuous feed of solvents and reagents through the reaction, minimizing the inventory of material and generally leading to higher-purity materials. A case study (Figure 2) demonstrates the application of flow to compress several processing stages for the manufacture of 6-hydroxynorketamine (6HNK), a new non-opioid depression treatment in development by the US National Institute for Health (NIH). Hours of processing time in batch was reduced and the process itself was simplified while showing higher product purities. More importantly, we were able to process and deliver the material to the client much earlier in the clinical phase. Bridging from Drug Substance to Drug Product The drug substance-to-drug product interface is a key part of any successful drug development program. All too often, the activities relating to each are the responsibility of either different companies or siloed departments of the same organization. When multiple vendors are involved in the process, there are often questions that arise from customers including: Where does drug substance end? Where do drug product activities begin? Who is responsible for the grey area in between? This creates a number of inefficiencies, and the challenges are exacerbated when we consider the complexity of today’s molecules and target product profiles, as well as the pressure to get to market faster. Fully integrated drug substance and drug product manufacturing capabilities reduce the complexity of outsourcing while resulting in a more efficient and accelerated development plan. Timeline acceleration through ease of materials transfer and improved scheduling are among the benefits of integrating drug substance and drug product manufacturing capabilities with a single service provider. Better workflows and processes can also be attained through improved knowledge transfer between multidisciplinary experts. For example, process chemists can work alongside analytical and solid-state chemists to ensure the rapid development and optimization of a drug substance. Likewise, formulation scientists and solid-state teams can work together to provide unambiguous data for optimizing drug substance form, which downstream leads to improved dosage form design and drug product manufacturing. In summary, the seamless coordination between drug substance and drug product manufacturing results in a more efficient and accelerated development plan. Customers can shorten the timeline from candidate selection to clinical development an average reduction of 2-4 months or more, translating to significant R&D cost savings and accelerated time to market. Ultimately, an integrated, agile approach to pharmaceutical development helps meet timeline pressures and gets new therapies to patients in need, faster. Meet the author: Dr. Paul Quigley Share: Latest blogs Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Learn more Drug Substance, PR&D, Careers, Alnwick A Day in the Life of a Process Research and Development (PR&D) Chemist By: Max Critchlow Learn more Drug Substance How to Accelerate Your Molecule’s Pathway to IND and Beyond By: Eleanor Row Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/about/locations/alnwick-uk
Alnwick, UK | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, UK Watch video Loading... Home About Us Locations Alnwick, UK Alnwick, UK Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, UK Taylor Drive, Alnwick, Northumberland, UK, NE66 2DH +44 (0)1665 608 300 Get Directions Services Drug Substance Synthesis & Manufacturing Isotope Labeling Bioanalysis Formulation Development Clinical Trial Manufacturing All Services Mark Egerton - Former CEO, Quotient Sciences "Working with customers at the point of candidate nomination, we can now design the most streamlined programs and significantly accelerate their development timelines." Overview In February 2021, Quotient Sciences - Alnwick, UK was added to our integrated, global network with the acquisition of Arcinova, a UK contract development & manufacturing organization (CDMO). In late 2022, we opened a £6-million state-of-the-art building expansion of our Alnwick facility featuring multi-purpose capacity of up to 15 GMP reactor streams with reactor volumes ranging from 5 liters up to 150 liters and deployment of both batch or continuous flow chemistry technologies. Read Announcement What's new at Quotient Sciences - Alnwick? More News Acquisitions & Growth, Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Major Investment in Sterile Fill/Finish Capacity in Response to Increasing Industry Demand Read Now News & Announcements, Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Successful US FDA Inspection of Alnwick, UK Facility Read Now Acquisitions & Growth, Alnwick Quotient Sciences Announces Significant Growth in Workforce at Alnwick, UK, Facility Read Now More News Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics/translational-pharmaceutics-now-with-drug-substance
Translational Pharmaceutics Now With Drug Substance | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Translational Pharmaceutics®: Now With Drug Substance 15 years and 500 studies completed. Alnwick Facility Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics Translational Pharmaceutics Now With Drug Substance Reduce your development times and costs with Translational Pharmaceutics®. By integrating drug substance at our Alnwick facility, with drug product, and clinical testing activities across our global network, Translational Pharmaceutics® breaks down traditional industry silos and accelerates molecules through development. The integration of drug substance and drug product In early 2021 we acquired our state-of-the-art Alnwick, UK facility which added to the core components of our integrated offering that now include substantial capabilities in drug substance process research, development, and manufacturing. The result of adding drug substance synthesis and manufacturing to Translational Pharmaceutics is a streamlined approach to drug development that seamlessly supports our customers' programs and goals across the entire drug development pathway. We can take your small molecule or peptide from candidate development through to commercialization. Moving drug substance supply off the critical path Our highly experienced chemistry, analytical, and drug development teams can support route selection, process development, critical process parameter (CPP) definition, experimental design (DoE), and impurity tracking/control, as well as developing bespoke and innovative solutions for our customers' technically difficult development challenges. Expertise spanning from candidate development to commercial manufacturing. Our expertise in understanding dependencies between drug substance properties, formulation development , and clinical outcomes enables us to enhance efficiency. By having both drug substance and drug product manufacturing activities under one organization, we can now deliver integrated chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) development activities for both preclinical and clinical studies in parallel, simplifying the supply chain and shortening the time from candidate selection to clinic by a further 2–4 months. Key benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics®: Timeline acceleration of >12 months Significant reduction in R&D spend Improved data for better decision making Greater likelihood of success Simplified supply chain >500 studies completed & >200 scientific publications Translational Pharmaceutics®: What our customers say Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics/tufts-report
Tufts Report | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Assessing the financial impact of Translational Pharmaceutics® A white paper by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) comparing the savings and financial benefits for drug developers that use Translational Pharmaceutics®. Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics Tufts Report Unlock the multi-million dollar benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics®, demonstrated in the Tufts CSDD study. Loading... Discover the time savings and financial benefits for drug developers that use Translational Pharmaceutics®, versus traditional multi-vendor formulation, manufacturing and clinical testing approaches. What can I learn? Discover how to benefit from: A faster approach to drug development and accelerated time to market Average timeline savings of >12 months R&D spend reduced by $9.5 million for each month of time saved Total financial gains per drug approved >$100 million Formulations selected using clinical data, ensuring greater chances of success An integrated development model and simplified supply chain About Translational Pharmaceutics® Translational Pharmaceutics® accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance , drug product , and clinical testing . Over the past decade, it has been used widely by pharmaceutical and biotech companies on >400 programs to advance molecules across the full development cycle, from first-in-human (FIH) trials to market. Key applications within the development process include: Transitioning molecules from FIH to proof of concept (POC) Development and optimization of clinical formulations About the Tufts CSDD study The Tufts CSDD compared the cycle times of traditional drug development programs to Translational Pharmaceutics® programs and their derivative effects on development economics. These data were incorporated in a drug development model and the financial benefits were quantified on industry R&D costs and returns. The model assessed several different project types and the top line results included mean financial benefits exceeding $100 million and mean timeline savings of >12 months. Ready to accelerate your drug development? Discover Translational Pharmaceutics® Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Solutions Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-pharmacology/modeling-and-simulation
Modeling & Simulation | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Modeling & Simulation How do I identify the clinical data needed for my program? Contact us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Pharmacology Modeling and Simulation Enhance your clinical development program with modeling and simulation (M&S). Quotient Sciences’ M&S specialists have vast experience performing physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling. They help you pinpoint the questions you need to answer and identify the data you need to collect. A collaborative approach to M&S We can provide a mechanistic understanding of the likely performance and disposition of your drug product (generic or new chemical entity [NCE]) in vivo and inform risk-based decisions on formulation and clinical design, ultimately reducing the cost of development. The valuable role of M&S in drug development programs is being acknowledged through increasing inclusion in global regulatory submissions. We work collaboratively with you and can provide long-term support to your development programs, from drug discovery to lifecycle management. Overview of our modeling and simulation team We offer services in either a standalone capacity or integrated with a clinical study conducted at Quotient Sciences that help you: Perform FIH predictions to predict fraction absorbed, maximum absorbable dose, starting dose, and potential dose range of your drug product Conduct quality-by-design (QbD) assessments to assess the impact of changes to your drug product’s particle size, shape, or dissolution rate Assess feasibility of your drug for modified-release (MR) drug product development Construct and validate both numerical and mechanistic in-vitro/in-vivo correlations (IVIVCs), which offer significant downstream benefits to your development team, including drug product specification setting, managing pre-/post-approval CMC (chemistry, manufacturing, and controls) changes, and justifying biowaivers Predict outcomes in special populations (e.g. pediatrics, renal or hepatic impairment, diverse ethnicities) and conduct virtual clinical trials, such as bioequivalence assessments Why perform modeling and simulation with us? Our M&S activities span from early clinical development through to lifecycle management and are tailored to answer your specific needs. Using our integrated Translational Pharmaceutics® approach, your first-in-human (FIH) or drug optimization program benefits from the simulation of exposure profiles, which help to select doses and define robust formulation strategies The complex interplay between the properties influencing your drug’s bioavailability can be described, understood, and applied in risk assessment and decision-making Our multidisciplinary experts use GastroPlus™ to model your drug product’s physicochemical, biopharmaceutic, and drug metabolism and pharmacokinetic (DMPK) data Our team have successfully provided GastroPlus™ consultancy services for over 5 years, partnering with virtual biotech to large pharmaceutical companies Quotient Sciences Completes Qualification of GastroPlus® PBPK Modeling Software Quotient Sciences’ Modeling and Simulation (M&S) team has recently completed qualification of GastroPlus, the software they use for physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modeling. This 2-year project reflects Quotient Sciences’ commitment to conducting high-quality modeling work with regard to data integrity. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/experts/paul-quigley
Access denied | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact You are not authorized to access this page. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics/drug-product-optimization
Drug Product Optimization | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Product Optimization Unique and innovative formulations help our customers achieve their drug program goals. Find out about our rapid formulation optimization programs. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics Drug Product Optimization Rapid 'Make-Test' cycles enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics®. Today, most new drugs require some formulation optimization during development, to help transition from early development formulation to one suitable for administration, or as part of a lifecycle management strategy. We are uniquely placed to help you. Strategies for rapid drug product formulation development and clinical testing Drug product optimization is a common step for drugs moving through development pipelines. Most new drugs require some formulation change during their development, whether to respond to suboptimal exposure profiles, to transition from an early development formulation to one suitable for administration in patients, or as part of a life-cycle management strategy. Leveraging the benefits of our unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to accelerate your program Quotient Sciences’ unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform can be applied to design, manufacture, and obtain clinical data on new formulations in an accelerated timeframe. Multiple formulations can be screened, with emerging data informing the product evaluated in the next dosing period of a crossover clinical study in a 2–3-week "make-test" cycle. Use Translational Pharmaceutics® to rapidly optimize NCE's or existing drugs Translational Pharmaceutics® can be applied to drug product optimization efforts for both new chemical entities (NCEs) and during the life-cycle management of existing drugs. It also allows for the unique inclusion of a formulation design space in initial regulatory submissions and clinical protocols to iteratively optimize the quantitative composition of critical-to-performance excipients and dosage strengths relative to clinical performance. Our unique approach to drug product optimization: Saves time by reducing the chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) data package needed for your clinical assessments Maximizes flexibility by allowing you to fine-tune formulation compositions Increases the potential for success by facilitating decisions based on clinical data Conserves the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) by removing drug product scale-up from the critical path Translational Pharmaceutics® has supported our customers through: Evaluation and selection of solubilization technologies • Optimization of modified-release systems Improvement of taste, palatability, and acceptability for pediatric indications Changing routes of delivery Development of combination products Understanding quality by design (QbD) of product and process variables What our customers say Our team works with our customers to design a customized program to deliver your objectives in the most timely and cost-efficient way. We have completed more than 300 formulation optimization programs, involving the clinical evaluation of more than 1,000 formulations. We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences We are very excited with the results of our first human study... we have been able to leverage Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to gain rapid access to the clinic, helping deliver these favorable results in a smooth and rapid fashion. Dr Simon Yaxley Director , Oxilio Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-substance
Drug Substance Manufacturing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Substance Development & Manufacturing Tailored drug substance services to suit your needs. Learn about our drug substance synthesis and manufacturing capabilities. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Drug Substance Reduce drug substance manufacturing costs by 50% from preclinical to Phase I. Loading... Quotient Sciences provides drug substance synthesis and manufacturing services from candidate selection through to commercial production. Download Info Sheet A streamlined approach to developing drug substance With our tactical deployment of best-in-class technologies, we minimize chemistry costs and move your drug substance supply off the critical path. To best support our customers' needs, we have made significant investments in technologies and equipment to meet the increasing demand for complex small-scale drug substance manufacturing. Our streamlined approach to developing drug substances has been shown to reduce manufacturing costs by 50% from pre-clinical to Phase I. The First Kilograms of GMP Drug Substance Learn more about our capabilities in our latest whitepaper. Download Whitepaper At a Glance We move your drug substance supply off the critical path We always strive to produce economical processes for high-purity drug substances that can be rapidly scaled from grams to multi-kilograms. Our highly experienced chemistry, analytical, and drug development teams can support route selection, process development, critical process parameter (CPP) definition, experimental design (DoE), and impurity tracking/control, as well as developing bespoke and innovative solutions for our customers' technically difficult challenges. Reduce drug substance manufacturing costs by 50% from pre-clinical to Phase I We adopt a streamlined approach to developing drug substances at our state-of-the-art facility in Alnwick, UK. This has been shown to reduce manufacturing costs by 50% from pre-clinical to Phase I. Significant investments in technologies and equipment At our facility in Alnwick, UK we have made some significant investments in equipment and technologies to meet the increasing demand for complex small-scale drug substance manufacturing. Bringing four decades of experience to optimize drug substance manufacturing processes We pride ourselves on quickly delivering high-purity drug substances and can rapidly scale up manufacturing at our cutting-edge facility. With more than 40 years of experience in synthetic organic chemistry, coupled with extensive expertise in flow chemistry, synthetic biology, and biocatalysis, we can optimize manufacturing processes and save months of development time for our customers. Rapidly scale up manufacturing at our cutting-edge Alnwick facility A multi-million-pound state-of-the-art building expansion of our Alnwick, UK, facility delivers comprehensive, integrated support for customers bridging from candidate selection to early clinical development and beyond. The newly expanded space features multi-purpose capacity of up to 15 GMP reactor streams with reactor volumes ranging from 5 liters up to 150 liters and deployment of both batch or continuous flow chemistry technologies. Drug Substance Services GMP & Non-GMP Manufacturing Our facilities can provide both GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice) and non-GMP drug substance manufacturing, with the ability to generate kilogram-per-... Learn More Solid State Services Our expertise in solid-form screening and selection, with material scientists working closely with drug substance chemists, can help to identify the m... Learn More Stability Testing We produce high-quality stability data through a combination of analytical, microbiological, and material science methodologies. Learn More Isotopic Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Learn More Drug Substance Process Research and Development (PR&D) Learn about our Process Research and Development services for drug substance development and manufacturing. Learn More Creating the foundation for successful API development Drug Substance, Gareth Jenkins Innovative Trends in Continuous Drug Substance Manufacturing: The FlowInova Platform By: Dr. Gareth Jenkins Download Whitepaper Putting our decades of experience to work to move your drug substance supply off the critical path We pride ourselves on quickly delivering high-purity drug substances and can rapidly scale up manufacturing at our cutting-edge facility. With decades of experience in synthetic organic chemistry, coupled with extensive expertise in flow chemistry, synthetic biology, and biocatalysis, we can optimize manufacturing processes and save months of development time for our customers. Our highly experienced chemistry, analytical, and drug development teams can support route selection, process development, critical process parameter (CPP) definition, experimental design (DoE), and impurity tracking/control, as well as developing bespoke and innovative solutions for our customers' technically difficult challenges. Loading... A look at our facility: Drug substance manufacturing in Alnwick, UK We deliver comprehensive drug substance services from our Alnwick, UK, facility. Our recently expanded space features multi-purpose capacity of up to 15 GMP reactor streams with reactor volumes ranging from 5 liters up to 150 liters, and deployment of both batch or continuous flow chemistry technologies. Learn More Drug Substance API: What our customers say "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/oncology-drug-development-qa
Oncology Drug Development: Q&A | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Oncology Drug Development: Q&A Oncology Oncology Drug Development: Q&A Q: So why is there so much buzz around oncology in the pharmaceutical industry? A: Oncology drugs dominate today’s research focus with over >5500 molecules in development, representing over 35% of the total industry pipeline. In 2019, 10 new oncology drugs were approved by FDA, of which half had an orphan indication and all had been granted priority review. Q: Can you explain some of the challenges drug developers face? A: Given the number of molecules in development, there is so much pressure on development teams to identify successful drug candidates as quickly as possible, and accelerate patient access, particularly where no effective therapies are currently available. However, the oncology therapeutic area remains a challenging one to navigate and success rates are low. The likelihood that a molecule entering Phase I will reach market is around 10%, with the average duration of an oncology clinical trial taking 40% more time than other therapy areas due to the difficulty in patient recruitment. Q: What trends are you seeing in the types of molecules in development? A: Oncology drug development has seen a significant shift in focus over the past 20 years as molecule chemistries and drug technologies have improved. Historically most oncology drugs were cytotoxic compounds with poor safety profiles. However, in recent years a better understanding of cancer aetiology has improved drug target specificity of oncology compounds, leading to the advent of molecular target agents (MTA), with more favorable safety profiles. Targeted small molecules currently make up around 40% of the global oncology pipeline, whereas cytotoxins have fallen to just 7%. This movement has opened the opportunity to use more convenient dosage forms, with oral administration considered the gold standard for patient compliance. Understandably, compared to the intravenous dosage form, this move to oral administration brings a different set of biopharmaceutics challenges that need to be overcome. Q: What experience does Quotient Sciences have in this space? A: Over the past 5 years alone, Quotient has performed more than 300 projects on 91 different oncology drug candidates, for 66 biotech/pharma clients and spanning 34 different disease indications. Q: What types of development and manufacturing services does Quotient provide to biotech/pharma companies developing oncology therapeutics? A: As a fully integrated drug development, clinical testing and manufacturing organization, Quotient Sciences is well positioned to address the challenges associated with developing small molecule oncology therapeutics. We are dedicated to accelerating the development of new drugs for patients around the world providing individual services or fully integrated programs through our unique Translational Pharmaceutics platform. We have supported over 50 oncology programs during the last 5 years and our extensive formulation know-how, coupled with our agile and flexible approach to clinical and commercial manufacturing, makes us a valued end-to-end solution provider for the development, testing and manufacture of oncology drug products. Q: Are there any specialized areas or unique services that Quotient provides? Global demand and growth for targeted oncology therapeutics has led to an increase in the manufacturing of high potent active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs). This has driven the need for high potency handling capabilities, particularly high-containment manufacturing facilities. Handling of these ingredients in the drug supply chain requires specialized equipment and enclosure systems in order to avoid cross contamination, product protection and to ensure operator and environmental safety. Quotient’s global state-of-the-art facilities possess the necessary handling and containment capabilities needed when development and manufacturing high potency APIs. Our highly potent handling GMP manufacturing suites are outfitted with the necessary engineering controls to handle PBLEC levels 1 through to 5 dependent upon the type of compound, dosage form, manufacturing process and batch size required. In addition to handling high potency API’s, Quotient Sciences has demonstrated that formulation flexibility in Phase 1 healthy volunteer trials can be used to develop “patient ready” formulations for oncology molecules in less than half the time of the industry standard. This is accomplished by the close integration of real-time manufacturing and clinical testing, as part of our unique platform called Translational Pharmaceutics, which uses a 14-day “make-test” cycle, enabling formulation decisions to be made in real-time based on emerging human data. Q: Where in the drug development process does Quotient support oncology companies? Quotient Sciences supports small molecule oncology drug programs from candidate selection through to commercial manufacture with expertise in niche therapies including orphan and pediatric indications. We are dedicated to accelerating the development of these medicines for patients around the world, providing individual services or fully integrated programs.. Our experience also includes late stage development and commercial product launch. We understand the manufacturing challenges that may arise such as low volume demands, small batch sizes, limited API availability and high variability in patient recruitment times. We specialize in developing customized programs, supporting batch sizes ranging from less than 1 kg and scaling up to over 500 kg for solid oral dosage forms and up to 350 L for liquid formats. Quotient’s facilities have been inspected and approved by all major regulators , with expertise and to manufacture clinical and commercial product for the U.S., U.K., European and Japanese markets. From design of experiments (DoE), to registration batches and process validation, our team of formulation and manufacturing scientists have the experience needed in order to ensure a successful commercial launch. Share: Latest blogs Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Learn more Oncology, Phase 1 Trials, Healthy Volunteer Trials The application and benefits of Phase I healthy volunteer trials to accelerate oncology drug development Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/poster-applications-lipid-based-formulations
Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Scientific Poster Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection Translational Pharmaceutics , Dr. Vanessa Zann Scientific Poster Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Access poster Lipid-based formulations are known to enhance the oral bioavailability of lipophilic drugs with poor aqueous solubility. At the Pharmaceutics, Biopharmaceutics, and Pharmaceutical Technology (PBP) conference in March 2022, Quotient Sciences presented a poster analyzing formulation and clinical data from multiple pharmaceutical development programs conducted by Quotient Sciences over 16 years to understand the drivers for, and outcomes from, selecting and dosing different lipidic formulations. The poster also discusses the challenges in using in-vitro characterization methods to predict in-vivo behaviour, and the benefits of using Quotient Sciences’ unique Translational Pharmaceutics® platform to integrate real-time adaptive Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing and clinical testing for the rapid screening of multiple lipidic formulations in Phase I pharmacokinetic (PK) studies. Data from 34 lipid formulation programs were analyzed for the following features: formulation application, Biopharmaceutics Classification System (BCS), and in-vitro characterization methods. Various lipid-based dosage forms were developed, including solutions, suspensions, spray-dried dispersions (SDDs), and modified-release (MR) tablets. The poster highlights how lipidic formulations can successfully be used for solubilization, enhancing oral bioavailability, and reducing food effects for BCS Class II and IV drugs. The analysis shows that conventional in-vitro testing methods for different lipidic formulations are poor predictors of in-vivo performance, whereas Quotient Sciences’ integrated Translational Pharmaceutics platform can enable the rapid identification of optimal lipidic formulations based on clinical performance in a reduced timeframe. Poster authors Alaa Hosny, Wu Lin, Peter Scholes Find out more about Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics drug development platform and solubility enhancement capabilities. Meet the author: Dr. Vanessa Zann Share: Latest blogs Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Learn more Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Vanessa Zann Scientific Poster Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/bioanalytical-strategies-insulin-analogues-other-large-peptides-using-lc-ms
Bioanalytical Strategies for Insulin Analogues & Other Large Peptides Using LC-MS | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact On-Demand Webinar , Bioanalysis Bioanalytical Strategies for Insulin Analogues & Other Large Peptides Using LC-MS 21 February 2023 Home Resources Bioanalytical Strategies for Insulin Analogues & Other Large Peptides Using LC-MS Overview Learn how our physiochemical-based approach enables us to accelerate the development of bioanalytical assays for insulin analogues from Michael Blackburn, Head of Bioanalytical Method Development and Labs. Insulin analogues, along with other large peptides, such as GLP-1 receptor agonists, represent a major and growing class of biotherapeutics. Their quantification plays an important part in improving the outcome of downstream formulation development and clinical study activities. However, there are sensitivity challenges when trying to measure trace levels of these types of compounds which require advanced technologies such as LC-MS. Presentation Overview In this presentation, Michael Blackburn, Head of Method Development and Labs, will describe the bioanalytical strategy that Quotient Sciences employs to best support clinical trials for these compounds and how our physiochemical-based approach enables us to accelerate the development of bioanalytical assays for insulin analogues. Through case studies, our speaker will touch on some of the pitfalls and solutions that our team of experts have encountered in this field and share what scientists should be aware of when interpreting how LC-MS data correlates with immunoassay data. Using assay validation data, we will cover high-throughput sample analysis and the potential impact of anti-drug antibody effects. Key Topics How a physiochemical-based approach allows for enhanced specificity and ease of multiplexing, with no requirement for a specific antibody. Key considerations that scientists must be aware of in order to meet the demanding requirements for high-throughput analysis of insulin by LC–MS. The important role that advanced LC-MS technology plays LC-MS vs Immunoassay Data and Considerations around free or total peptides Bioanalytical assay acceptance criteria & antidrug antibody effects during drug development Bioanalytical expertise at all stages of drug development At Quotient Sciences, we are experts in the development, validation, and application of bioanalytical assays. Our dedicated team of bioanalytical chemists is globally recognized and has over 40 years of experience in supporting all stages of drug development , from early pre-clinical, through to first-in-human (FIH), and onwards to Phase II and III patient studies. Learn More Watch Watch Now Watch Now: Bioanalytical Strategies for Insulin Analogues & Other Large Peptides Using LC-MS Date 21 February 2023 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/ebf-2021-novel-copper-protein-speciation-method-calculating-serum-non-ceruloplasmin
EBF 2021: Novel Copper Protein Speciation Method for Calculating Serum Non Ceruloplasmin Copper: A Comparative Analysis | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Bioanalysis EBF 2021: Novel Copper Protein Speciation Method for Calculating Serum Non Ceruloplasmin Copper: A Comparative Analysis Home Resources EBF 2021: Novel Copper Protein Speciation Method for Calculating Serum Non Ceruloplasmin Copper: A Comparative Analysis Overview Download Quotient Sciences' poster, 'EBF 2021: Novel Copper Protein Speciation Method Calculating Serum Non-Ceruloplasmin Copper: A Comparative Analysis'. Wilson disease (WD) is an autosomal recessive disorder of copper (Cu) transport caused by mutations of the ATP7B gene International guidelines on the management of WD recommend serum non-ceruloplasmin-bound Cu (NCC; free Cu index) for diagnosis and therapeutic monitoring; NCC target range in WD = 50 to 150μg/L The current “Standard of Care” evaluation of NCC levels involves the incubation of serum with EDTA (NCC-EDTA) to chelate copper from proteins other than ceruloplasmin before ultracentrifugation A high molecular weight artifact binding copper from albumin retained above the 30KDa filter may result in an underestimation of true NCC During the conduct of an RCT (clinical trials gov: NCT03539952), the FDA highlighted the deficiencies in NCC-EDTA Orphalan developed and optimized a novel assay to determine NCC using copper protein speciation (NCC-CuSp) with LC-ICP-MS The NCC-CuSpassay is a two-step process that involves: Inductively coupled mass spectrometry to measure total Cu Liquid chromatography (LC-ICP-MS) to calculate Cp-Cu as a percentage of total Cu LC-ICP-MS determines Cp-Cu indirectly by the speciation of Cu-containing proteins There are no data in WD subjects comparing the performance of NCC-CuSpwith NCC-EDTA Download Download Now Download Now: EBF 2021: Novel Copper Protein Speciation Method for Calculating Serum Non Ceruloplasmin Copper: A Comparative Analysis Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/bioanalysis
Bioanalysis | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Bioanalysis Over 40 years of experience delivering rapid bioanalytical data in discovery, preclinical and clinical development stages. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Bioanalysis Rapid bioanalytical data to meet your program's milestones Delivering rapid bioanalytical data is critical to meeting milestones faster in drug development. At Quotient Sciences, we are experts in the development, validation, and application of bioanalytical assays. Highly sensitive bioanalytical techniques enable the identification and quantification of analytes, such as small molecules, peptides, proteins, nucleic acids, and metabolites, all from very small volumes of biological samples. From drug discovery to preclinical and clinical studies, understanding drug exposure, safety, and metabolism are essential in accelerating drugs to clinic and commercialization. Download Info Sheet At a Glance GLP and GCP accredited laboratories Our GLP- and GCP-accredited facilities provide comprehensive bioanalytical support to studies through preclinical, through to Phase I, and onwards to Phase II and III. Short lead times and rapid turnaround We deliver rapid bioanalytical data in the discovery, preclinical, and clinical stages. Our state-of-the-art equipment includes: LC-MS/MS, LC-HR-MS, ICP-MS, ICP-MS/MS, GC-MS, and GC-MS/MS. Over 40 years of scientific expertise in bioanalytical assays We are experts in the development, validation, and application of bioanalytical assays with over 40 years of scientific expertise. Over 400 bioanalytical assays developed, validated, and applied For our customers, we have developed over 400 methods (LC-MS, GC-MS, ICP-MS). We have expertise in specialist areas including; Insulin analogues & polypeptide drugs, elemental analysis, volatile drugs, and biomarkers. Integrated toxicokinetics and pharmacokinetics analysis and reporting We offer expert TK and PK data analysis and reporting, supporting pre-clinical and clinical studies. Working together with our expert PK team, we can reduce the risk of downstream delays in later phases of your drug development. Combining our development and validation experience of over 400 bioanalytical assays, along with our integrated service lines, we can ensure that critical decision-making data are rapidly processed, robust, and reliable. Our dedicated bioanalytical chemists are globally recognized and have decades of experience in supporting all stages of drug development. At every stage, we can help you gain a better understanding of the fate of your drug in the human body. With our cutting-edge mass spectrometry equipment, we can identify and quantify analytes to determine if, and how, a drug is metabolized in the body. When used in conjunction with the range of extraction technologies available, we can support you in the development of highly selective and sensitive assays. Our experts can quickly develop, validate, and implement bioanalytical LC-MS, GC-MS, and ICP-MS assays for small- and large-molecule drugs, biomarkers, and elements in compliance with regulatory standards. Broad range of platforms Liquid chromatography with mass spectrometry (LC-MS) Inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) Gas chromatography with mass spectrometry (GC-MS) High-resolution mass spectrometry Liquid chromatography with ion-trap mass spectrometry (LC-TRAP-MS) Liquid chromatography with time-of-flight mass spectrometry (LC-TOF-MS) Global compliance and regulatory Good Laboratory Practice (GLP)- and Good Clinical Practice (GCP)-accredited laboratories US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) European Medicines Agency (EMA) UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) Specialist areas of expertise Insulin analogues and polypeptide drugs Elemental analysis Volatile drugs and biomarkers Comprehensive bioanalytical support at every stage Preclinical Drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics (DMPK) Pre-clinical pharmacology TK, including GLP toxicology studies Dose escalation and selection Phase I FIH – single ascending dose (SAD) and multiple ascending dose (MAD) Relative bioavailability and PK Clinical pharmacology Drug-drug interaction (DDI) Bioequivalence 14 C absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion (ADME) and mass balance Pharmacodynamic (PD), metabolite, and biomarker analysis Phase II and III Global, multi-center trials Relative bioavailability and PK PD, metabolite, and biomarker analysis A closer look at our equipment and applications Instrumentation Applications Inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry (ICP-MS) Inductively coupled plasma tandem mass spectrometry (ICP-MS/MS) Elemental analysis Xevo ultra-performance liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (UPLC-MS/MS) Analysis of small-molecule new chemical entities (NCEs) Analysis of peptides, small proteins, and new biological entities (NBEs) Highly sensitive, with a lower limit of quantification (LLOQ) <1 ng/mL High throughput Quantum and Vantage UPLC-MS/MS Analysis of small-molecule NCEs Sensitive, with a LLOQ ~1 ng/mL High throughput Gas chromatography with mass spectrometry (GC-MS) Gas chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (GC-MS/MS) Detection and analysis of volatile analytes for NCEs and biomarkers Liquid chromatography with quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry (LC-QTOF-MS) High-resolution structural identification for NCEs Peptide and protein identification NBE analysis Liquid chromatography with inductively coupled plasma tandem mass spectrometry (LC-ICP-MS/MS) Elemental speciation Liquid chromatography with ion-trap mass spectrometry (LC-TRAP-MS) High-resolution structural identification for NCEs Expert insight in bioanalysis: More Blogs Paige Bellis, Bioanalysis, Bioanalytical Method Development, Alnwick, Careers Spotlight on ICP-MS Bioanalysis at Quotient Sciences By: Paige Bellis Learn More Bioanalysis Bioanalytical Strategies that Accelerate the Development of Assays for Insulin Analogues and Other Large Peptides By: Michael Blackburn Learn More Bioanalysis Scientific Poster Spotlight: Novel Copper Protein Speciation Method for Calculating Serum Non-Ceruloplasmin Copper: A Comparative Analysis Learn More More Blogs Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/data-sciences
Data Sciences | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Data Sciences Rapid access to clinical data and results to accelerate drug development. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Data Sciences Quality clinical study data. Fast. Quotient Sciences understands that our customers need quality data rapidly to make crucial decisions during a study. Faster data means we can provide our customers with earlier interim data and interim PK reports for on-study dosing and formulation decisions. We understand that on-study changes to early phase study designs and dosing are frequent. Our strategy for study database design and reporting is built around flexibility and rapid implementation. We use eSource data collection procedures in our clinical units and a joint eSource/eCRF database. Data is available in the study database within hours of collection, ready for remote sponsor access. We support studies conducted at our Miami (US) and Nottingham (UK) clinics. With global SOPs, templates, and standards, we also adapt them for use with sponsor templates/standards. Our services are fully integrated, and we assign a single Project Manager for all drug product, clinical and data sciences activities. At a Glance CDISC Gold Member, CDISC Standards We are a CDISC Gold Member and CDISC standards are built into all our data on over 400 early-phase studies. Fully integrated services; drug product, clinical and data sciences A single Project Manager is assigned to each integrated study for all drug product, clinical, and data sciences. Six specialist departments and over 100 data scientists We have over 100 data scientists working within six specialist departments as described below. Each department will be optimized around your study objectives, and help maximize your use of study data. We help you make crucial decisions during a study, earlier Interim access to study data with our integrated approach means we can provide our customers with earlier data to make dosing and formulation decisions, faster. Get rapid access to clinical data and analysis Our study strategy for our customers is built around quality, flexibility, and rapid implementation. We recognize that you need rapid access to clinical data to make crucial decisions. Our Data Science team comprises six specialist departments, and over 100 colleagues 1\. Data Management and Database Programming Study eSource/eCRF database set-up and maintenance Study database build using Anju’s TrialOne system, a single system for both eSource collection in clinic and as an eCRF for data management. As a result, TrialOne use and Quotient Sciences processes reduce data query rates, data transcription and timelines Data Management Plan, data cleaning, coding, query issue and database lock 2\. Statistics and Statistical Programming Protocol input, sample size calculation and randomization Statistical Analysis Plan and formal statistical analysis/interpretation Program study listings, tables and figures and CDISC datasets (SDTM and ADaM) Define.xml package including Reviewers Guide and all related documentation 3\. Pharmacokinetics (PK) Rapid interim PK turnaround times for formulation decisions or SAD/MAD safety evaluation PK parameter estimation using Phoenix WinNonlin and interpretation Modeling and simulation using GastroPlus, including development of IVIVCs 4\. Medical Writing Protocol writing Clinical study report according to FDA guidance for industry and related submissions using eCTD specification 5\. Standardizing Study Data with CDISC When you need compliant datasets, enlist experts that understand CDISC’s impact on early phase studies and its importance to your future regulatory submission. As a CDISC Gold Member, we have built CDISC standards into all our data management and statistical procedures for over 400 early phase studies. We also use the same software as FDA for dataset validation (Pinnacle21 Enterprise edition) and to aid define-xml package generation. Our experts: Develop dataset specifications and an aCRF with reference to SDTM and ADaM implementation guides Program SDTM and ADaM datasets according to specifications, including verification, quality control and validation Provide metadata files and blankcrf.pdf Include all clinical, pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic and scintigraphic data We also offer full define.xml package including define.pdf, trial design datasets, subject-level datasets, traceability documentation and data reviewer’s guides 6\. Statistics, Pharmacokinetics and Scintigraphy Our statistical, pharmacokinetic and scintigraphic experts understand clinical pharmacology studies and their specialized challenges. Optimize your study objectives, design and subject numbers, and maximize your use of study data: Access input into clinical protocols and designs and ensure all output complies with the ICH, CHMP and FDA Provide data analysis and interpretation, such as interim assessments to assist you with real-time decision making Leverage expert review and interpretation of scintigraphic data, including qualitative and quantitative analysis of drug product performance and pharmacodynamic effects during your study What's new in Data Sciences? Data Sciences, Careers, Dennis Henderson Spotlight on Data Sciences at Quotient Sciences By: Dennis Henderson Learn More Data Sciences, Ian Nisbet What Role Do Data Sciences Play in Drug Development? By: Ian Nisbet Learn More Data Sciences The importance of data integrity in the drug development process By: Erika Reategui Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/how-can-quotient-sciences-help-design-and-conduct-scintigraphic-studies
How can we help design and conduct gamma scintigraphy studies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog How can we help design and conduct gamma scintigraphy studies Scintigraphy , Data Sciences How can we help design and conduct gamma scintigraphy studies By: Gareth Whitaker, Chris Roe & Beth Brickhill What is gamma scintigraphy? It’s a non-invasive imaging technique which was first used in the medical industry before transitioning into clinical development. The basic principle involves incorporating a low level of gamma emitting radionuclide (which emits energy in the form of gamma rays) into a drug product or foods and fluids which are then administered to healthy volunteers or patients. A gamma camera is then used to detect the gamma rays being emitted, providing detailed information on the deposition, dispersion and movement of the radionuclide within the body. The technique allows visualisation and quantification of the dosed radioactivity, to support the understanding of what happens to a drug product following administration. Quotient has extensive expertise in the delivery of scintigraphic studies, along with the facilities and processes required, including our three state of the art gamma cameras. Figure 1: One of Quotient’s gamma cameras used for scintigraphy studies. Scinti one Figure 2: Schematic of gamma camera and data collection used in scintigraphy studies. Scinti 2 How is gamma scintigraphy used by development teams? Scintigraphic studies can be a useful tool in early development, as well as generating data to support marketing claims for products already on the market, or close to being approved. Quotient uses scintigraphy to investigate the performance of oral, inhaled and rectal drug products. These studies are used to: Provide proof of concept for novel formulationsAssist with formulation, technology or device selection and optimizationCompare against competitor productsAssist with problem solving when visual data is required to assess the full pictureEvaluate pharmacodynamic responses such as mucociliary clearance mechanisms or GI (gastrointestinal) motilityFor oral products, some of the key questions that can be addressed are:How long does it take for a dosage form to transit through regions of the gastrointestinal tract?How long does it take drug release to occur from an oral formulation and where in the gastrointestinal tract has this occurred?What effect does food and gastrointestinal pH have on an orally administered formulation?Does the formulation behave in vivo as predicted in vitro Figure 3: Representative scintigraphic images from typical oral drug delivery studies Scinti 3a. Assessment of oesophageal transit of an orally administered suspension formulation (Far left: radioactivity present in the mouth, to far right: all radioactivity present in the stomach) Scinti 4 b. Assessment of gastrointestinal transit of a discrete formulation to assess the time and location of drug release following oral administration For inhaled products, some of the key questions that can be addressed are: Which part of the lungs does the drug reach, and at what quantity? How does subject positioning and inhalation technique affect drug delivery to the target region? Does the location of drug deposition from an inhaled device change over time? Does the administration of the drug improve clearance of mucus from the lungs? Has targeted nasal delivery been successful for the administration of systemically acting drugs? (And has any drug reached the sinus or olfactory regions?) Can pulmonary deposition be achieved from a nasally administered product? Figure 4: Representative scintigraphic images from typical inhalation studies scinti What data and images are collected and why? Gamma cameras help development teams to visualise the gamma emitting radionuclide while within the human subject. Following dosing of the drug l product to the human subject, regular images are taken using the gamma cameras. The timing and duration of the images are determined on a case-by-case basis for each study, to take into consideration the study design, objectives and desired outcomes. For example, if the drug product is a fast acting or immediate release dosage form, there will be a high frequency of images taken of the subject for the first 1-2 hours following dosing. Whereas for modified release dosage forms which are intended to release drug over long periods of time, images could be collected over an 6-12 hour period. Where needed, scintigraphic assessments can be performed in combination with pharmacokinetic (PK) analysis to generate an enhanced understanding of product performance; this is termed ‘Pharmacoscintigraphy’. This can prove useful in instances where interpretation of the PK data alone can present challenges, or when it is anticipated that the transit and disintegration of an oral formulation may significantly affect the PK data. Locally acting drug products can particularly benefit from this type of analysis, where performance of the dosage form cannot always be assessed accurately by standard PK approaches alone, as the drug concentrations in systemic circulation may not be easily measurable. Learn more about Quotient Sciences scintigraphy capabilities Meet the author: Gareth Whitaker, Chris Roe & Beth Brickhill Share: Latest insight on Data Sciences More Blogs Scintigraphy, Data Sciences How can we help design and conduct gamma scintigraphy studies By: Gareth Whitaker, Chris Roe & Beth Brickhill Read Now Data Sciences, Careers, Dennis Henderson Spotlight on Data Sciences at Quotient Sciences By: Dennis Henderson Read Now Data Sciences, Ian Nisbet What Role Do Data Sciences Play in Drug Development? By: Ian Nisbet Read Now More Blogs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/dcat-value-chain-insights-cdmo-roundtable-managing-orphan-drug-projects
DCAT Value Chain Insights - CDMO Roundtable: Managing Orphan Drug Projects | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News DCAT Value Chain Insights - CDMO Roundtable: Managing Orphan Drug Projects Articles & Publications , Dr. Paul Quigley , John McDermott DCAT Value Chain Insights - CDMO Roundtable: Managing Orphan Drug Projects Low-volume drugs, such as orphan drugs, present challenges in achieving favorable production economics and in managing the projects themselves. A roundtable of CDMOs provides perspectives on those challenges and best practices to resolve them. Quotient Sciences experts contributed insight to this recent article with DCAT Value Chain Insights. Read what Dr. Paul Quigley, Principal Research Fellow, Drug Substance, and John McDermott, Executive Drug Development Consultant, had to share about developments in rare diseases. Read the full interview Q: What particular challenges arise from a supply planning/management perspective when working with low-volume drugs? Paul: Most CDMOs are dependent on large-volume processes to achieve economies of scale. We take a material-sparing mindset when developing scalable manufacturing processes, which is particularly important for low-volume drugs. Q: Any particular challenges when scaling up from clinical to commercial scale when working with a low-volume drug? John: If the process of scale-up is well understood and there are appropriate processes in place to manage the scale-up from clinical to commercial scale, this shouldn’t present a technical problem as by definition low-volume drugs sit somewhere along the scale spectrum. However, low-volume drugs require expertise in controlling processes at the intended scale, sometimes with equipment that can be difficult to find in late-stage and commercial production. Share: Latest news Articles & Publications, Dr. Paul Quigley Outsourcing Pharma: Paul Quigley on going with the flow in drug substance manufacturing By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Clinical Trials, Articles & Publications Nick McEntee: Getting Clinical Trial Materials Manufacturing Right - Contract Pharma By: Nick McEntee Learn more Articles & Publications, Eleanor Row 3 Key Trends Shaping Our Industry: Contract Pharma Thought Leadership Feature with Eleanor Row By: Eleanor Row Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/integrated-programs
Integrated Drug Development Programs | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrated Programs enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerating development to get your molecules to patients. Fast. Contact Us Turnkey solutions for accelerating drug development. We integrate solutions that you would typically find when outsourcing to multiple contract manufacturing and research companies. Leverage one organization, Quotient Sciences, to streamline and accelerate your drug program. Streamline how you bring your molecule to market. Our integrated capabilities help advance molecules across the full development cycle, shortening the time it takes to bring new treatments to market. We provide pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization, first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services to support your drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Learn More Early Development Accelerating molecules through to proof-of-concept. Learn More Late Development Accelerating products from proof-of-concept (POC) through to commercial manufacture. Learn More Your partner to bring new treatments to market. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we have worked with countless companies across the pharmaceutical industry over the last 30 years. Speak with one of our experts to learn more about our capabilities and how we can help you reach your program's milestones. Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/prasad-challapalli
Prasad Challapalli - Senior Director of Product Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Prasad Challapalli Senior Director of Product Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Prasad Challapalli - Senior Director of Product Development About Based out of Philadelphia, Prasad provides strategic and scientific leadership to formulation development, business development, and manufacturing activities at Quotient Sciences. He and his team develop and implement suitable workflows to achieve operational excellence in the manufacture of products. He is an excellent mentor and manages formulation scientists and manufacturing teams on site. Topics of interest Formulation Development Commercial Manufacturing Clinical Pharmacology Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/jamie-weishaar
Jamie Weishaar - Global Commercial Lead, Drug Product | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Jamie Weishaar Global Commercial Lead, Drug Product Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Jamie Weishaar - Global Commercial Lead, Drug Product About Jamie is an experienced Business Development Executive leader specializing in Pharmaceutical Drug Development, including Contract Development and Manufacturing (CDMO) and Clinical Research Services. Currently, and recently in a new global role, he is focused on accelerating Drug Product Development through, Clinical and Commercial programs. Topics of interest Drug Product Commercial Manufacturing Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/daniel-dennehy
Daniel Dennehy - Director Of Business Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Daniel Dennehy Director Of Business Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Daniel Dennehy - Director Of Business Development About Dan is an accomplished Business Development Director with over 10 years of experience in sales to healthcare, pharmaceutical, and academic institutions. Topics of interest Drug Development Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/tobi-williams
Tobi Williams - Senior Director of Business Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Tobi Williams Senior Director of Business Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Tobi Williams - Senior Director of Business Development About Tobi is a Senior Director of Business Development whose role is to meet and assist drug development customers by completing Phase I clinical trials 6-12 months faster than the traditional development cycle leveraging Quotient Sciences' uniquely integrated services. He is US East Coast-based and works with biotech and pharma businesses located in PA, DE, NJ, MD and VA. Topics of interest Drug Development Translational Pharmaceutics Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/valeria-ciarnelli
Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli - Senior Director of Product Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli Senior Director of Product Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli - Senior Director of Product Development About Dr. Valeria Ciarnelli is a Senior Director of Product Development at Quotient Sciences, with responsibility for scientific program design and product development strategies for customer programs. Dr. Ciarnelli has over 15 years of experience in pre-formulation and formulation development, in academia and contract development manufacturing organizations. Her expertise lies in understanding challenging formulations and developing phase-appropriate solutions to address them. Her passion is to support customers in realizing successful products for unmet clinical needs. Valeria received her Ph.D. in the physiochemical characterization of novel bioabsorbable eluting stents from The University of Nottingham. Topics of interest Drug Development Formulation Development Ask a question Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/dr-andrew-parker
Dr. Andrew Parker - Senior Drug Development Consultant | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Andrew Parker Senior Drug Development Consultant Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Andrew Parker - Senior Drug Development Consultant About Dr. Andrew Parker has two decades of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, spanning from preclinical development, through early clinical formulation development into late-stage development, scale-up, and commercialization. Andrew has a particular interest in enabling technologies for bioavailability enhancement, characterization of all delivery formats, innovative technologies, and understanding drug product structure and drug product function relationships. Andrew’s focus at Quotient Sciences is on Translational Pharmaceutics ® and the acceleration in drug candidate progression and associated benefits provided by tighter integration of formulation development, clinical drug product manufacture, and clinical dosing activities. Before joining Quotient Sciences, Andrew worked at Cooper Surgical and Healthcare as a Program Director and at Catalent as an Open Innovation Director covering two business units. Andrew also spent 15 years at Juniper Pharma Services and Molecular Profiles CDMOs in a variety of roles combining technical and commercial knowledge, sitting at the operational and business interfaces with external clients. Andrew holds a PhD in physical chemistry from the University of Bristol. Topics of interest Drug Development Consulting Translational Pharmaceutics Drug Development Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/david-ross
David Ross - Senior Director Business Development (Europe) | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact David Ross Senior Director Business Development (Europe) Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts David Ross - Senior Director Business Development (Europe) About David has over 18 years of career experience within the pharmaceutical industry across various disciplines, sectors, and therapeutic areas. Topics of interest Drug Development Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/streamlining-development-modified-release-formulations
Streamlining the Development of Modified-Release Formulations | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Streamlining the development of modified-release formulations Modified Release , Formulation Development Streamlining the development of modified-release formulations Read findings from three recent Quotient Sciences scientific posters that highlight strategies we've used to streamline the development of modified-release formulations. Modified-release (MR) formulations play a vital role in improving patient compliance and therapeutic outcomes for oral drug products. However, identifying the optimal formulation technology and delivery rate to achieve the desired in-vivo release profile can be challenging. Traditional modified-release development programs follow a rigid, linear process that relies on pre-clinical models to predict performance in humans. This can be risky, given the poor correlation of bioavailability between pre-clinical species and humans. As a result, repeated cycles of pre-clinical and clinical testing are required to arrive at a sufficient formulation, which can be costly and time-consuming. This points to a need for a streamlined approach. We have over 30 years of expertise in developing and manufacturing modified-release drug products. Using our Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform, we are able to integrate drug substance, drug product development, real-time adaptive Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing, and clinical testing activities to streamline the development of these programs. Flexible study protocols and rapid "make-test" cycles enable the optimization of modified-release formulations in real time based on rising clinical data. As part of regulatory submissions, we obtain approval to investigate a range of formulation compositions bound within a formulation design space. This means that any formulation within the design space can be rapidly made and tested to determine the in-vivo performance of that product via its pharmacokinetic (PK) profile. Clinical data from one dosing period determines the formulation composition that is made and tested next, enabling efficient identification of the optimal formulation in an accelerated timeframe. This reduces development risks, maximizes the probability of clinical success, and saves time and costs. Pharmaceutical and clinical performance comparisons of modified-release multiparticulates and matrix tablet formulations. Presented at the American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists (AAPS) PharmSci 360 conference in October 2021. Quotient Sciences' Authors: Asma Patel, Wu Lin, Aruna Railkar, Peter Scholes. Download Poster The purpose of this study was to review practical experiences of head-to-head pharmaceutical and clinical comparisons of two commonly used MR technologies for sustained drug release, multiparticulates, and matrix tablets, to identify an optimal MR formulation. In most of the eight integrated clinical programs that were analyzed, the in-vivo performance of both technologies was similar, but a higher food effect was observed for matrix tablets in some cases. In all eight of the programs, matrix tablets were selected over multiparticulates, which suggested that the overall benefits of matrix tablets, including development and commercialization being simpler and cheaper, outweighed any slightly greater clinical benefits of multiparticulates. This poster highlights how the use of formulation design spaces, integrated manufacturing and clinical testing, and flexible study protocols can enable parallel assessment of multiple MR platforms, in order to reduce development risks, efficiently identify the best technology to achieve the desired target product profile (TPP), and ultimately maximize the probability of success. "Development of modified-release matrix tablet formulation using solid lipid Compritol ® 888 for a poorly water-soluble drug" Presented at the AAPS PharmSci 360 conference in October 2021. Quotient Sciences' Authors: Dolly Jacob, Wu Lin, Kieran Crowley, Alaa Hosny, Charlotte Clay, Katie Clarke, Peter Scholes. Download Poster This poster highlights how solid lipid excipients offer a promising strategy in the development of MR formulations for poorly water-soluble drugs. In this study, an MR tablet was required to reduce C max -related side effects observed with the immediate-release formulation of a poorly water-soluble drug. The purpose of the study was to evaluate the use of Compritol 888, a synthetic solid lipid excipient that can be used as an insoluble matrix for sustained drug release, to achieve the required MR profile. The impact on the drug release rate of adjusting the following variables in the matrix MR tablet was assessed: the level of Compritol 888, the drug loading, the use of lactose as a soluble filler, and the use of the surfactant sodium dodecyl sulphate (SLS) as a wetting agent. It was found that by adjusting the level of Compritol 888, a wide range of drug release rates could be achieved. The drug release rate was also affected by the drug loading, with a faster drug release rate observed with lower drug loading. The soluble filler promoted tablet erosion and smoothed out the overall drug release profile, whereas the surfactant did not affect the drug release rate. "Using formulation design spaces and clinical data to optimize the development of modified-release (MR) dosage forms" Presented at the Controlled Release Society (CRS) conference in July 2021. Quotient Sciences' Authors: Aruna Railkar, Asma Patel, Peter Scholes Download Poster This poster highlights how the use of formulation design spaces, integrated manufacturing, and clinical testing, and flexible study protocols enables efficient evaluation of critical-to-performance variables in MR formulations, which reduces development risks and maximizes the probability of success. The purpose of this study was to conduct a review and meta-analysis of 50 integrated MR formulation development programs, including assessing the following features: active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) properties, formulation technologies, critical-to-performance parameters, formulation design space variables, in-vitro characterization methods, and clinical design flexibility. It was found that at least 10 different MR technologies were used across the 50 programs, with diversity in physicochemical, biopharmaceutic, and drug metabolism and pharmacokinetic (DMPK) API properties influencing which technology was most suitable for achieving the target PK/product profile. For 12 of the programs, more than one technology platform was evaluated in a single clinical protocol to identify an optimal formulation. In total, more than eight different formulation attributes had clinical flexibility maximized by incorporation into a design space, with individual programs concurrently evaluating up to three different design space variables. Summary With a strong emphasis on science and innovation, Quotient Sciences continues to research new and improved ways to streamline the development of MR programs. Contact us today to find out how Quotient Sciences can support your next modified-release program. Share: Latest blogs Inhalation, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized from Amorphous API in a Low-Dose Dry Powder Formulation Used for Inhalation Learn more Formulation Development, Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Learn more Pediatrics, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/innovation-within-drug-development-3d-printing-of-pharmaceutical-dosage-forms-has-the-time-come
Drug Development: 3D Printing Pharma Dosage Forms | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Drug Development Innovation: 3D printing of pharmaceutical dosage forms – has the time come? Scientific Innovation , Modified Release , Translational Pharmaceutics Drug Development Innovation: 3D printing of pharmaceutical dosage forms – has the time come? By: Dr. Asma Patel We work in a dynamic and innovative industry, which is constantly seeking new ways to do things better in order to accelerate the availability of new medicines for patients. However, the approach towards Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) manufacturing of pharmaceutical dosage forms for clinical and commercial use has largely remained unchanged over several decades, with a focus on batch processing at large scale, often requiring complex equipment trains. For oral dosage forms, this has proved highly successful in the development and delivery of dozens of blockbuster drugs to address huge clinical and patient needs. However, in recent years, we have started to see a shift in the types of new therapeutics reaching the marketplace. More than half of new US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) drug approvals since 2018 have been for rare diseases, which are defined as affecting less than 200,000 people in the US or no more than one in 2,000 of the general EU population. This development has challenged our industry’s historical manufacturing paradigm. Batch sizes of hundreds of kilograms or millions of dosage units will no longer be required or needed. Instead, there will need to be a greater emphasis on small-scale, flexible manufacturing to address this demand, where product supply is fully tuned to the size and shape of these emerging patient populations. Separately, we are also seeing drivers for personalization of new medicines. Bespoke, patient-centric dosage forms will become increasingly important to ensure optimal therapeutic outcomes, whether for tailored milligram/kilogram dosing, customization based on diagnostic or pharmacogenomic screening into stratified populations, or tuning of product composition or format to ensure acceptability in pediatric and geriatric age groups. At Quotient Sciences, we have successfully pioneered the use of real-time, adaptive GMP manufacturing within a clinical study through our integrated Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform. This unique approach enables us to respond quickly and flexibly to manufacture and supply bespoke products for healthy volunteers and patients based on study needs. What will be the next evolution…or revolution? Additive manufacturing (also known as 3D printing) is now commonplace in many industries. However, for pharmaceuticals, it is still nascent and arguably balancing on the cusp of translation from academic research into industry practice. We do have regulatory validation with SPRITAM®, the FDA-approved commercial product launched by Aprecia in 2015, but what will the future impact of 3D printing be, given the changing dynamics in clinical research discussed above? Undoubtedly, opportunities will exist within first-in-human (FIH) studies, when the use of an immediate-release (IR) oral solid dosage form is desired or required. Having the ability to select a unit dose strength with unique precision and manufacture a handful of tablets would drive significant efficiencies in time, cost, and active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) consumption during the single- and multiple-dose escalation study. We see another key opportunity in the development of modified-release (MR) tablets. The ability for rapid prototyping and clinical assessments of fast- and slow-releasing formulations would allow expedited assessments of regional bioavailability in humans. This would make it possible to determine MR potential without necessarily investing in the development of conventional dosage forms, technologies, and processes. Simplicity is further enhanced by the unique ability for geometrically controlled drug release from a single formulation composition. For a new molecule with half-life risks flagged from in-vitro drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics (DMPK) studies, this assessment could be readily factored into the FIH study as an optional part if initial human data dictates. A major impact will also be realized in patient trials for special populations, such as pediatrics, where bespoke dosage strengths may be required based on a child’s body weight or surface area, or where a personalized medicine may be required for palatability and acceptability to ensure patient compliance and desired therapeutic outcomes. Tailoring the product to the patient may also be needed in rare and ultra-rare disease populations, where recruitment for patient trials will be slow, unpredictable, and extended over many sites and geographies. 3D printing could ensure a sponsor gets the right product to the right place at the right time, either through a centralized manufacturing hub or remote printing operations. Of course, challenges will exist, which will need to be circumvented. Key will be ensuring vertical integration of 3D printing operations, so prototypes used in early trials can be taken seamlessly into later-stage and commercial manufacturing. As another benefit, 3D printing should facilitate this in terms of scalability of the equipment, avoiding the need to manage product and process changes. Through academic collaborations and projects with industry partners, Quotient Sciences is actively developing capabilities for the 3D printing of oral solid dosage forms and exploring their potential to further enhance agility for our customers within healthy volunteer and patient trials. As an organization with a culture focused on science and innovation, we are very excited to see how developments will progress in this space. Meet the author: Dr. Asma Patel Share: Latest blogs Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Learn more Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Vanessa Zann Scientific Poster Spotlight: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/mariecris-madayag
Mariecris Madayag - Director, Business Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Mariecris Madayag Director, Business Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Mariecris Madayag - Director, Business Development About With an innate passion for medicine, and science, and serving our greater society by driving clinical advancements in the pharmaceutical industry, I am a driven, approachable leader with a growth, business mindset who strives for continued excellence in all parts of program and business management. My 20+ years of experience providing excellent customer service and 12 years working in collaboration with clients within the contract organization environment, have trained me to be well-equipped to deliver a personalized and overall enhanced sponsor experience through strategic collaboration in all phases of clinical product development and commercialization. Topics of interest Drug Development Translational Pharmaceutics Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/drew-lawrence
Drew Lawrence - Business Development Director | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drew Lawrence Business Development Director Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Drew Lawrence - Business Development Director About Drew is a Business Development Director whose role is to meet and assist drug development customers by completing Phase I clinical trials 6-12 months faster than the traditional development cycle leveraging Quotient Sciences' uniquely integrated services. Topics of interest Drug Development Translational Pharmaceutics Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/brad-rowe
Brad Rowe - Senior Director of Integrated Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Brad Rowe Senior Director of Integrated Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Brad Rowe - Senior Director of Integrated Development About Brad is a Senior Director of Integrated Development at Quotient Sciences. Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/dr-mark-anstiss
Dr. Mark Anstiss - Head of Production, Drug Substance Synthesis Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Mark Anstiss Head of Production, Drug Substance Synthesis Manufacturing Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Mark Anstiss - Head of Production, Drug Substance Synthesis Manufacturing About Dr. Mark Anstiss has over 15 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and fine chemical and industries spanning Process Research and Development, Process Improvement, and Drug Substance manufacturing. Mark has a thorough understanding of the requirements for successful and safe scale up of chemical processes and has applied this knowledge to support the manufacture of early phase kilogram batches through to process improvement and optimization at tonne scale. Throughout his career Mark has worked on the development and manufacturing of a significant number of psychoactive drug substances. Mark holds a Master of Chemistry degree from the University of Manchester and a PhD in Organic Chemistry from Leeds University. Topics of interest Drug Substance Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/dr-alan-mcneill
Dr. Alan McNeill - Head of Isotope Labelling | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Alan McNeill Head of Isotope Labelling Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Alan McNeill - Head of Isotope Labelling About Dr. Alan McNeill is Head of the Isotope Labelling team at Quotient Sciences. Alan has 30 years of experience in the pharmaceutical industry, both within large Pharma and CROs, in C-14 Radiosynthesis. From this, Alan has developed an in depth understanding of the requirements for a successful and cost-effective labelling strategy to deliver 14C labelled APIs to support pre-clinical and clinical studies. Alan holds a PhD in Organic Chemistry from the University of Manchester. Topics of interest Isotope Labeling Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/richard-castledine
Richard Castledine - Head of Drug Substance and Translational Pharmaceutics Operations | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Richard Castledine Head of Drug Substance and Translational Pharmaceutics Operations Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Richard Castledine - Head of Drug Substance and Translational Pharmaceutics Operations About Richard Castledine is Head of Drug Substance Operations at Quotient Sciences. He has 15 years of experience in the pharmaceutical and contract development industries. After completing a PhD in synthetic organic chemistry at the University of Nottingham he worked briefly as a medicinal chemist, before moving into process chemistry. He has led process development of over 25 programs at different stages of development ranging from pre-clinical and Phase I to process validation. In his current role, Richard is responsible for the Analytical Development, Process Research and Development, Solid State Chemistry, and Drug Substance Production teams. Topics of interest Drug Substance Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/psychedelic-drug-development
Access denied | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact You are not authorized to access this page. Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/dr-aruna-railkar
Dr. Aruna Railkar - Senior Drug Development Consultant | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Dr. Aruna Railkar Senior Drug Development Consultant Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Dr. Aruna Railkar - Senior Drug Development Consultant About Dr. Aruna Railkar is a Senior Drug Development Consultant. She works in the areas of NCE screening, compound characterization and formulation development. Areas of interest include formulation development of new chemical entities, controlled release for oral or injectable dosage forms, targeted drug delivery, prodrugs and solubility enhancement of low solubility compounds. Topics of interest Formulation Development Drug Product Optimization Drug Product Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/integrated-development-strategies-part-2-reformulating-clinical-and-commercial-success
Integrated Development Strategies, Part 2: Reformulating for clinical and commercial success | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Integrated Development Strategies, Part 2: Reformulating for clinical and commercial success Formulation Development , Early Development , Drug Product Optimization , Late Development , Dr. Andrew Lewis Integrated Development Strategies, Part 2: Reformulating for clinical and commercial success By: Dr. Andrew Lewis In its broadest sense, the need to reformulate can occur at any stage in the product development lifecycle. This could range from small changes to the formulation, to improve processability for example, to more significant changes, such as changes to the dosage strength. Furthermore, the need for an entirely different formulation may be identified. Examples could include switching to a different drug product to ensure suitability for the development phase of a new drug, generation of age-appropriate formulations for patients, or as part of the lifecycle management strategy for a product, such as the development of a modified-release (MR) formulation to reduce dosing frequency. However, the success of a reformulation is dependent on scientific expertise, the right technology, availability of appropriate models for formulation testing, and a lot of strategic planning. The general industry trend towards outsourcing to specialist contract organizations has further complicated this challenge. These specialist organizations are invariably reflective of the functional silos that exist in traditional pharma, offering the strong capability, experience, and infrastructure required in their field. However, their specialism also means that multiple providers are required to deliver each drug development activity, each of whom must play their part in total alignment with all other contributors. Naturally, issues occur along the way and development timelines are impacted. This all points to a need for an integrated service provider with all these capabilities in-house who can streamline the outsourcing model and improve the likelihood of success for a reformulated product. What sort of reformulation might be required and when? Early development In early development , relatively simple, fit-for-purpose formulations are frequently employed to expedite entry into clinical development, and the efficacious dose may not be known until after dosing to healthy volunteers and the pharmacokinetics (PK) in humans is known. Such early formulations may therefore be designed to provide some dose flexibility and may also require dosing of multiple dosage units in the first-in-human (FIH) studies to define the target dose for later-stage studies. Once all of this is known, the product may need to be reformulated in order to deliver the required dose in as few dosage units as possible for proof-of-concept (POC) studies. Furthermore, at this stage of development, relatively little will be known about the relationship between the formulation and the critical quality attributes (CQAs) of the drug product. As more is learned as the product advances through development, optimization of the formulation may be required. For example, incompatibilities with or degradation of the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) during long-term storage might be identified, requiring modification of the levels of particular excipients or their substitution. This might also be required for product launches in different territories due to differing regulatory requirements or stability challenges in different climatic zones. Whatever the reason, an in-depth understanding of the issue at hand is required to justify the need to reformulate and the appropriate strategy to employ. Depending on the extent of the changes to the formulation, bridging clinical studies may be required to understand the impact, if any, on the bioavailability and PK of the API. At Quotient Sciences, we take an integrated approach to reformulation projects in the early development stage. Our unique platform, Translational Pharmaceutics ® , enables us to fully integrate drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing, all under one organization and a single program manager, breaking down traditional industry silos to accelerate molecules through development. Real human data is used to drive formulation decision-making and technology selection, which greatly increases the likelihood of downstream clinical success. This seamless integration of activities allows for closely aligned workflows that efficiently conserve API consumption, reduce overall development risk and costs, and fast-track molecules from candidate development to FIH and onward to Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) drug products for POC studies. Late development In late-stage development , a complete reformulation of an API is usually only justified if there are significant issues with the formulation’s performance in manufacturing (e.g. on scale-up), prior to use (e.g. stability), or in use (e.g. performance). An exception to this, however, might be where there have been significant changes to the target product profile (TPP). This could occur, for example, following end-user feedback on the current drug product, the targeting of a new indication with a different patient demographic (e.g. pediatric population or 505(b)(2)), or as part of the product lifecycle management strategy. In this situation, there could be a switch to a totally different product format or route of delivery and/or require the use of an alternative formulation technology. While the changes made to the formulation could be significant, learnings from the previous formulation development program are invaluable in informing development and key performance targets (e.g. PK parameter targets) to give a head start to the development program. Depending on the formulation technology employed, “critical-to-performance” formulation variables may be identified, such as the levels of a functional excipient. As the precise level of such a formulation variable required to achieve the desired performance may not be known, to maximize the chances of success of the program, formulators can employ a “formulation design space”. This involves bracketing formulations within the design space by generating supportive batch analysis and stability data at the extremes of the design space. Obtaining regulatory approval for the design space enables the development team to dose any formulation within the design space and make formulation modifications in response to the arising clinical data until the performance targets are met. This approach requires tight integration of the chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) teams with their counterparts in drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics (DMPK), regulatory, quality assurance (QA), and clinical to align around the formulation to be dosed once in the clinic, but it can save significant time by maximizing the chances that the new formulation hits the required targets. In the later stages of development, our Translational Pharmaceutics platform can be applied to integrate formulation development, real-time adaptive GMP manufacturing, and clinical testing activities. Flexible study protocols and rapid “make-test” cycles enable the development and optimization of formulations in real time based on clinical data. This approach can be used to evaluate and select solubilization technologies, optimize MR systems, develop pediatric dosage forms, and change routes of delivery. As part of regulatory submissions, we obtain approval to make formulation adjustments within a mapped design space. This means that any formulation within certain defined parameters can be rapidly made and tested to determine the impact on the drug release rate and PK profile, enabling us to efficiently identify the optimal formulation without the need for regulatory amendments. This greatly reduces development risks, maximizes the probability of commercial success, and saves time and costs. Case study 1: Enhancing drug solubility before Phase II BOS172767, a Biopharmaceutics Classification System (BCS) class II molecule, was being developed by Boston Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of autoimmune diseases. The FIH study showed poor oral bioavailability and a significant food effect, which prevented the project from advancing into patient studies. An enhanced formulation was required to help overcome these challenges and to identify a formulation suitable for long-term clinical development. At Quotient Sciences, using Translational Pharmaceutics, three solubility-enhancement platforms were developed and rapidly screened in the clinic, including a micronized form of the API, a self-emulsified lipid delivery system, and a spray-dried dispersion. The drug products were produced at a small scale for quick POC assessment without the need to conduct larger-scale, cost-prohibitive process development and lengthy stability programs for multiple technologies. The human PK study used a five-period cross-over design in 16 healthy volunteers. The micronized formulation delivered the best human PK outcome, which enabled the sponsor to advance with a simpler and cheaper technology into larger-scale clinical development. The overall timeline from initiating formulation laboratory work to receiving clinical PK data was 6 months. Case study 2: Development of an optimized MR tablet formulation for initial POC trials SLx-2101, a novel phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE-5) inhibitor, was being developed by Surface Logix as an antihypertensive agent. Data from early development studies with an immediate-release tablet formulation determined that an MR formulation was needed to reduce C max -related adverse events and ensure the 24-hour PK profile remained within the therapeutic window to achieve a once-daily treatment regime. At Quotient Sciences, using Translational Pharmaceutics, hydroxypropyl methylcellulose (HPMC)-based matrix MR tablets were developed for assessment in an adaptive relative bioavailability Phase I study to optimize the MR tablet formulation based on human clinical data. A two-dimensional formulation design space was established, covering dose strengths between 10 and 20 mg and sustained drug release durations between approximately 12 and 20 hours. Representative formulations at the extremes and mid-points of the design space were manufactured and characterized to demonstrate that the performance of the formulation can be controlled by varying the drug loading and HPMC content in the formulation. The formulation design space was submitted as part of a Clinical Trial Application (CTA) and approved for clinical investigation. The clinical study was a five-period sequential design with interim data reviews between each dosing period to allow iterative investigation of the design space and identification of the optimal drug product composition. The formulation design space allowed a wide range of formulation compositions to be evaluated in response to emerging clinical data, with the optimal MR formulation identified in 7 months. Summary In summary, reformulation may be required at any stage in the drug development lifecycle. Successful reformulation is dependent on many factors and can be difficult to achieve within traditional industry silos. At Quotient Sciences, through our Translational Pharmaceutics platform, we possess the expertise and capabilities needed to reformulate products for clinical and commercial success. By taking a unique, integrated approach that is tailored to each program, we provide optimal results for our customers in the most efficient and cost-effective manner, getting new medicines to patients faster. Get more information about our fully integrated Translational Pharmaceutics platform. Meet the author: Dr. Andrew Lewis Share: Latest blogs Inhalation, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized from Amorphous API in a Low-Dose Dry Powder Formulation Used for Inhalation Learn more Formulation Development, Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Learn more Pediatrics, Formulation Development Scientific Poster Spotlight: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/role-biopharmaceutics-early-drug-development
Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog The Role of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development Biopharmaceutics , Early Development , Drug Product Optimization , Formulation Development The Role of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Many of today's compounds present sub-optimal pharmacokinetic (PK) data (either predicted from in-vitro and pre-clinical data or measured in the clinic), such as poor exposure (leading to high doses), large variability, short half-life requiring more than once-a-day dosing, or C max -related adverse events (AEs). Poor exposure and/or large variability can often be addressed and improved upon with enabled formulations to enhance solubility, such as an amorphous spray-dried dispersion (SDD) formulation or lipid formulations. For compounds with large peak-to-trough ratios, more than once-a-day dosing, or C max -related AEs, a modified-release (MR) formulation could often be used to successfully alter the input rate and hence modify the shape of the profile to deliver the required PK exposure profile. We help biotech and pharma customers in the development and optimization of drug products. Biopharmaceutics allows us to understand the solubility, dissolution, and permeability of a compound to identify an optimal formulation strategy. Our chemists and formulation scientists review the properties of new drug candidates and “work their magic” to develop formulations that improve the exposure profile of the compound. To embark on formulation optimization , be it solubility enhancement or MR development, it is key that we understand the biopharmaceutic properties of the compound to guide the formulation strategy and technology selection. Essentially, biopharmaceutics underpins the formulation strategy. What is biopharmaceutics and how does Quotient Sciences fit into this field of science? Biopharmaceutics is a relatively new scientific discipline that examines the interrelationship of the physicochemical properties of the drug, the dosage form in which the drug is given, and the route of administration on the rate and extent of systemic drug absorption ( Applied Biopharmaceutics and Pharmacokinetics, Shargel, Wu-Pong and Yu, 5th Edition ). How does bioavailability play a role in biopharmaceutics? As formulators, we want to deliver the right amount of drug at the right time with the correct concentration within the body to exert a therapeutic effect. We need to understand the systemic exposure of the drug, and for an orally administered formulation, that means understanding the process of absorption and then teasing apart the rate-limiting steps in the process. Biopharmaceutics allows you to understand the solubility, dissolution, and permeability of a compound, and from this, we can then assess the potential fraction absorbed (F abs ). Now fraction absorbed and bioavailability are often confused and used interchangeably. Fraction absorbed is directly related to the solubility, dissolution, and permeability of a compound and is the amount of drug that enters the intestinal enterocyte in our gastrointestinal tract (FDA definition), whereas bioavailability (F) is the amount of drug in the systemic circulation able to have a therapeutic effect. F is directly related to the amount of drug absorbed (F abs ) and the amount surviving first-pass metabolism. Therefore, absorption is the input mechanism and clearance (metabolism) is the output mechanism. As formulators, we are often able to directly impact the amount of drug absorbed through formulation optimization and improve exposure. However, the chances of improving the exposure profile of a drug that is highly cleared by formulation modification are limited. How can biopharmaceutics help drug developers overcome challenges with their small molecules? Understanding the biopharmaceutic properties of your compound can help you identify a formulation strategy that overcomes the challenges the compound faces or can assess the potential for the specific compound to meet the target product profile (TPP). The sooner challenging and unfixable compounds are identified and killed off in development, the less R&D expenditure will be incurred, allowing you to focus on compounds that have the legs to make it to market. For example, if drug X has a low F abs of 10% and F is 8%, then there is the option to increase F abs through formulation optimization. However, if drug Y has a high F abs (90%) but low F (e.g. 10%), even if we are able to increase absorption by another 10% (F abs = 100%), it is unlikely to improve the exposure (F) greatly, as for drug Y clearance (metabolism) is limiting exposure. The only instances in which formulators can help in this scenario is to increase exposure (F abs ) through formulation just enough to potentially saturate the clearance mechanism. Alternatively, if the compound is subject to gut CYP3A4 metabolism, we could deliver to a lower region of the gastrointestinal tract where CYP3A4 expression is reduced, thus hoping to bypass the gut metabolism if that is the rate-limiting process for exposure. However, often in this situation, it is back to, discovery and the drawing board to revisit the compound chemistry. What is the Biopharmaceutics Classification System (BCS)? The BCS is a regulatory tool that is used to justify clinical biowaivers for certain types of compounds (BCS Class I and III) based on dissolution data, allowing sponsors to justify not performing clinical bioequivalence studies when changing a formulation. The framework classifies compounds based on their permeability and solubility (buffer solubility) properties into four categories (BCS I, II, III, and IV), and this system has been used by the industry for many years to assess in-vivo performance. For example, a BCS Class I compound with high solubility and high permeability is likely to be a good development candidate due to having high fraction absorption. However, a BCS Class IV compound is not thought of in such good light, having low permeability and low solubility and hence thought to have poor exposure. In reality, a BCS Class IV compound could have F abs of 80% and high solubility at pH 6.5 and therefore have good F abs and no formulation development issues. The BCS classification criteria are strict and hence often misinform clients of their compound's formulation/development challenges. More recently, a classification system based on developability potential has been developed by Dressman and Butler, the Developability Classification System (DCS). This classifies compounds into four categories similar to the BCS but uses simulated intestinal media for the solubility assessment and also takes into consideration the compensatory nature of permeability, allowing a solubility-limited absorbable dose to be determined, which in turn allows for DCS II compounds to be divided into DCS IIa and DCS IIb compounds. DCS IIa compounds are dissolution limited and hence formulation strategies to improve exposure would focus on particle size reduction such as nanomillling and micronization, whereas DCS IIb compounds are solubility limited and hence solubility-enhancement strategies such as SDDs and lipids may be used to improve exposure. How can the DCS be used to drive formulation strategies? Quotient Sciences uses the DCS to help drive formulation strategies for our clients. We can either take existing customer data and assign a DCS classification or measure solubility and calculate a predicted human effective permeability (P eff ) using GastroPlus ® ADMET predictor, which is done by the modeling and simulation group based on the compound structure. A recent example of this was for a compound at the candidate selection stage. Quotient Sciences supported a standalone DCS classification and formulation development package. Permeability was high and solubility at 24 hours in intestinal buffer was less than the expected therapeutic dose, so solubility was classified as “low”. However, solubility at 3 hours was found to be >10-fold higher and hence it was classified as a DCS IIa compound. So, if dissolution is rapid, absorption will be good and sophisticated solubility-enhancement strategies are not required. Quotient Sciences then developed a simple capsule formulation with particle size reduction (micronization) and wetting agents to support the first-in-human (FIH) clinical study. In summary, biopharmaceutics underpins the formulation strategies used at Quotient Sciences, ensuring a science-based and data-driven approach to formulation optimization . This reduces the risk of drugs failing due to poor formulation and increases the chances of clinical success. For more information about Quotient Sciences’ biopharmaceutics capabilities, contact us . Meet the author: Dr. Vanessa Zann Share: Latest blogs Formulation Development, Early Development Overcoming Challenges with Poorly Soluble Molecules in Early Development Learn more Formulation Development, Early Development, Drug Product Optimization, Late Development, Dr. Andrew Lewis Integrated Development Strategies, Part 2: Reformulating for clinical and commercial success By: Dr. Andrew Lewis Learn more Biopharmaceutics, Early Development, Drug Product Optimization, Formulation Development The Role of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/ask-the-experts/charlotte-hannigan
Charlotte Hannigan - Associate Director, Business Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Charlotte Hannigan Associate Director, Business Development Ask a question Home Ask-the-experts Charlotte Hannigan - Associate Director, Business Development About With a chemistry background, I have technical and commercial experience in the pharmaceutical industry, spanning a range of disciplines, sectors, and therapeutic areas . I am responsible for client engagement. At Quotient Sciences we are dedicated to accelerating the development of new drugs for patients around the world. We provide formulation development, clinical pharmacology trials, and clinical and commercial manufacturing services to the pharmaceutical and biotech industry. These services are provided either individually or as an integrated service via our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform, which is proven to accelerate timelines and reduce drug development costs. Topics of interest Drug Development Translational Pharmaceutics Ask a question Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/outsourcing-pharma-paul-quigley-continuous-flow-drug-substance-api-manufacturing
Outsourcing Pharma: Paul Quigley on going with the flow in drug substance manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Outsourcing Pharma: Paul Quigley on going with the flow in drug substance manufacturing Articles & Publications , Dr. Paul Quigley Outsourcing Pharma: Paul Quigley on going with the flow in drug substance manufacturing By: Dr. Paul Quigley In a conversation with Outsourcing Pharma at CPHI Barcelona, Dr. Paul Quigley, principal research fellow of drug substance at Quotient Sciences, explained how continuous flow manufacturing is taking off in the production of active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs). APIs are traditionally made using a method called batch manufacturing. This can require hundreds of tons of raw material and the drug substance manufacturing process often takes months. Another major disadvantage of this process is that it can be difficult to perform safely and sustainably when hazardous reagents are used at high temperatures and pressures. To overcome this obstacle, Quotient Sciences is part of a growing wave of companies exploring an alternative approach known as flow technology or continuous flow manufacturing. Flow technology has been around for centuries, the process is often used to mass-produce industrial chemicals using catalysts. This method continuously mixes reagents in tubes and requires much smaller amounts of hazardous reagents than batch processes. Paul Quigley says flow technology could reduce waste in the API manufacturing process and make it safer, faster, and cheaper. In December 2022, Quotient Sciences completed the construction of a flexible, modular, kilo-scale drug substance manufacturing facility at our Quotient Sciences Alnwick site, a £6 million investment. This investment created 4 production suites, which can house a range of reactors, both continuous and batch, with the latter going up to 150 L in scale. Our Alnwick, UK, facility was perfectly placed for this expansion and it had both the available space and a wealth of local, expert scientific talent with an abundance of experience. The impact of continuous flow manufacturing technology on the pharmaceutical industry is just beginning to be felt, and the World Economic Forum included them in its list of the 10 best new technologies of 2021. Continue Reading Meet the author: Dr. Paul Quigley Share: Latest news Articles & Publications, Dr. Paul Quigley Outsourcing Pharma: Paul Quigley on going with the flow in drug substance manufacturing By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Clinical Trials, Articles & Publications Nick McEntee: Getting Clinical Trial Materials Manufacturing Right - Contract Pharma By: Nick McEntee Learn more Articles & Publications, Eleanor Row 3 Key Trends Shaping Our Industry: Contract Pharma Thought Leadership Feature with Eleanor Row By: Eleanor Row Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/nick-mcentee-getting-clinical-trial-materials-manufacturing-right-contract-pharma
Nick McEntee: Getting Clinical Trial Materials Manufacturing Right - Contract Pharma | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Nick McEntee: Getting Clinical Trial Materials Manufacturing Right - Contract Pharma Clinical Trials , Articles & Publications Nick McEntee: Getting Clinical Trial Materials Manufacturing Right - Contract Pharma By: Nick McEntee Nick McEntee, Executive Director, Head of UK GMP Operations at Quotient Sciences discusses strategies for flexible, on-demand manufacture of clinical trial materials (CTMs) with Contract Pharma. Clinical trials are a critical component in drug development. They require complex and careful planning to be carried out at the highest standards. Manufacturing of clinical trial materials (CTMs), the products used in clinical studies, is one of the key challenges when designing the trials successfully. Nick's article with Contract Pharma explores the importance of CTM manufacturing and outlines how flexible, on-demand processes improve clinical trial efficiency at Quotient Sciences. Meet the author: Nick McEntee Share: Latest news Articles & Publications, Dr. Paul Quigley Outsourcing Pharma: Paul Quigley on going with the flow in drug substance manufacturing By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Clinical Trials, Articles & Publications Nick McEntee: Getting Clinical Trial Materials Manufacturing Right - Contract Pharma By: Nick McEntee Learn more Articles & Publications, Eleanor Row 3 Key Trends Shaping Our Industry: Contract Pharma Thought Leadership Feature with Eleanor Row By: Eleanor Row Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/eleanor-row-3-key-trends-contract-pharma
3 Key Trends Shaping Our Industry: Contract Pharma Thought Leadership Feature with Eleanor Row | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News 3 Key Trends Shaping Our Industry: Contract Pharma Thought Leadership Feature with Eleanor Row Articles & Publications , Eleanor Row 3 Key Trends Shaping Our Industry: Contract Pharma Thought Leadership Feature with Eleanor Row By: Eleanor Row What are the "3 Key Trends" that are shaping the CDMO industry in 2023 and beyond? From integrated drug development services to sterile drug manufacturing, our Executive Director of Commercial, Dr. Eleanor Row, touches on it all in Contract Pharma's latest thought leadership article "3 Key Trends that are Shaping the CDMO Industry" Traditionally, the CDMO/CRO industry has been highly siloed. Mainly this has been down to a large number of organizations outsourcing or operating almost completely in isolation. At Quotient Sciences we see substantial benefits around forming collaborations with other service providers in the marketplace, such as Charles River . With collaboration in place alongside our end-to-end integrated programs, we see more informed decision-making, reduced risk, condensed timelines, and reduced costs. Continue reading the article on Contract Pharma Meet the author: Eleanor Row Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/translational-pharmaceutics/translational-pharmaceutics-now-with-drug-substance
Translational Pharmaceutics Now With Drug Substance | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Translational Pharmaceutics®: Now With Drug Substance 15 years and 500 studies completed. Alnwick Facility Contact Us Home Translational Pharmaceutics Translational Pharmaceutics Now With Drug Substance Reduce your development times and costs with Translational Pharmaceutics®. By integrating drug substance at our Alnwick facility, with drug product, and clinical testing activities across our global network, Translational Pharmaceutics® breaks down traditional industry silos and accelerates molecules through development. The integration of drug substance and drug product In early 2021 we acquired our state-of-the-art Alnwick, UK facility which added to the core components of our integrated offering that now include substantial capabilities in drug substance process research, development, and manufacturing. The result of adding drug substance synthesis and manufacturing to Translational Pharmaceutics is a streamlined approach to drug development that seamlessly supports our customers' programs and goals across the entire drug development pathway. We can take your small molecule or peptide from candidate development through to commercialization. Moving drug substance supply off the critical path Our highly experienced chemistry, analytical, and drug development teams can support route selection, process development, critical process parameter (CPP) definition, experimental design (DoE), and impurity tracking/control, as well as developing bespoke and innovative solutions for our customers' technically difficult development challenges. Expertise spanning from candidate development to commercial manufacturing. Our expertise in understanding dependencies between drug substance properties, formulation development , and clinical outcomes enables us to enhance efficiency. By having both drug substance and drug product manufacturing activities under one organization, we can now deliver integrated chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) development activities for both preclinical and clinical studies in parallel, simplifying the supply chain and shortening the time from candidate selection to clinic by a further 2–4 months. Key benefits of Translational Pharmaceutics®: Timeline acceleration of >12 months Significant reduction in R&D spend Improved data for better decision making Greater likelihood of success Simplified supply chain >500 studies completed & >200 scientific publications Translational Pharmaceutics®: What our customers say Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics Leveraging an integrated compounding pharmacy approach under the Translational Pharmaceutics® platform saved us over a million dollars because we didn’t need to invest in scaling up peptide synthesis. We were able to make just the right amount of drug product needed to achieve the results we were looking for... If someone were to ask if I would work with Quotient Sciences again, I’d give them two thumbs up all the way. As a start-up biotech, you cannot underestimate how difficult it is to find the right outsourcing partner. You must have a partner that is going to be able to help you through the hard stuff and help save you as much money as possible. Russell Potterfield CEO , Endevica Bio "I knew that traditional manufacture and release would make it impossible for us to clinically determine the correct nafamostat component of our drug product. Quotient Sciences explained to me how their Translational Pharmaceutics® platform could reduce our development timeline by defining a design space for ER release rate, ER/IR ratio, and nafamostat dose. Additionally, they could integrate real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical testing to rapidly test the variables within the design space and optimize the nafamostat formulation." Lynn Kirkpatrick CEO , Ensysce Biosciences Our small biotech company worked with Quotient Sciences on developing a complex formulation and validating the different iterations of the formulation in PK clinical studies using the Translational Pharmaceutics® approach. The project was successful, and we were generally impressed by the skillsets, professionalism, and courtesy of Quotient Sciences' scientists and other subject experts. We have also chosen to work with Quotient Sciences on two subsequent projects Evecxia Therapeutics Evecxia Therapeutics Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/challenges-and-opportunities-pediatric-dosage-pt-2
Pediatric Dosage Form Development - Part 2 | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog The challenges and opportunities of Pediatric Dosage Form Development - Part 2: Taste/PK Assessments, Clinical Supplies and Commercial Manufacturing Pediatrics , Formulation Development , Translational Pharmaceutics The challenges and opportunities of Pediatric Dosage Form Development - Part 2: Taste/PK Assessments, Clinical Supplies and Commercial Manufacturing By: Nazim Kanji In Part 1 of our two-part blog piece on the 'The challenges and opportunities of Pediatric Dosage Form Development', Nazim Kanji, Executive Director of Pediatric Services at Quotient Sciences, covered key considerations in pediatric program design and formulation development strategies that sponsors should take into account if they want to successfully bridge from initial concept into later stages of development and through to commercialization. Adult taste/PK study After formulation development, the next stage is typically a clinical assessment of the proposed pediatric formulations in adult volunteer panels to evaluate and optimize the taste and/or PK attributes, before dosing the formulations in pivotal pediatric patient studies. Over the last decade, Quotient Sciences has developed a novel platform called Translational Pharmaceutics® that integrates GMP manufacturing and clinical testing. Drug products are made and dosed quickly in a matter of days, with flexible CMC submissions and adaptive clinical protocols allowing formulation compositions to be optimized based on emerging clinical data. Translational Pharmaceutics is therefore an extremely efficient means of characterizing and optimizing the clinical performance of new prototype formulations. This platform has been successfully applied to the assessment of pediatric formulations. For example, in the selection of flavor/sweetener systems to overcome aversive drug properties, and to understand the PK performance of new age-appropriate medicines and thereby inform dose selection in the pediatric population. Clinical supplies for pediatric patient trials Once the pediatric formulation has been optimized, the drug product will then be taken into patient studies to assess efficacy in the target disease population. This can present the development team with new challenges, putting a strain on traditional product manufacturing and supply logistics, particularly if dealing with rare and orphan disease states. Typical challenges include: Sporadic, challenging, and slow patient recruitment Multiple sites and countries to recruit the required number of subjects Patient weight variability requiring dose flexibility (mg/kg or body surface area) Formulation stability may be limited Small batch size requirements The historical practice of large product batch sizes with relatively long shelf lives and long cycle times to get products manufactured, released, labeled, packaged, and shipped is therefore unlikely to fit the supply requirements of typical pediatric clinical studies. Implicit in this is also a lack of ability to customize the drug product around unique, individual patient needs. Challenges can be successfully addressed by using a real-time manufacturing and supply model that enables drug products to be tuned to individual patient needs and the design of the clinical trial. Customized products can be manufactured, released, and shipped for global patient studies within 1-3 weeks of subject eligibility and formulation requirements being confirmed, to get the right product to the right patient at the right time. Commercial manufacture of pediatric products Finally, there will be a need to identify a long-term commercial partner with the capability to manufacture liquid or solid dosage forms and supply to global markets, for what may be relatively low-volume commercial products. Given that in-house Large Pharma and the CMO service sector have traditionally focused on high-volume and low-variation drug products, there is an emerging industry need for smaller-scale, batch manufacturing. The development of pediatric medicines is an industry requirement to ensure safe and efficacious treatments are available for children of all age groups. Many factors need to be considered for the successful development of pediatric products for which Quotient Sciences has unique expertise and provides an end-to-end integrated solution across the design, development, and supply continuum. For more information, visit pediatrics capabilities , or contact us . Meet the author: Nazim Kanji Share: Latest blogs Pediatrics, Orphan Rare, Nazim Kanji How strong sponsor and CRO/CDMO partnerships help streamline orphan/rare and pediatric drug development By: Nazim Kanji Learn more Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/reflecting-scientific-achievements-quotient-sciences-2022
2022 Scientific Achievements Reflection | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Reflecting on the Scientific Achievements of Quotient Sciences in 2022 Scientific Achievements , Dr. Andrew Lewis Reflecting on the Scientific Achievements of Quotient Sciences in 2022 By: Dr. Andrew Lewis I chose to enter the pharmaceutical industry because I had a passion for science and a determination to have a positive impact on the world. It seemed that breakthroughs were being made almost every day that could lead to better treatments for diseases and conditions, and I wanted to be a part of that. Fast forward several decades, and I am privileged to work here at Quotient Sciences with some of the world’s best scientists innovating drug development to get new medicines to market faster. "Molecule to cure. Fast. TM " has become our mantra, and the benefits of our unique, integrated Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform have been recognized across the industry and I know very much appreciated by our clients. Even so, it is very easy to lose sight of the tremendous impact we are having, particularly when we are busy, so as we approach the end of 2022, it is a great opportunity to look back at some of our key scientific achievements. Together with our clients and collaborators, in 2022 Quotient Sciences’ scientists have published 10 papers in peer-reviewed journals, covering subjects as diverse as nanoparticle synthesis, clinical pharmacology , human ADME studies , and pediatric drug development . I think this is a tremendous reflection of the multidisciplinary environment we have here at Quotient Sciences, one that enables us to deliver truly integrated programs for our clients and accelerate their product development. Furthermore, with the world opening up after the pandemic, our scientists and thought leaders presented at numerous conferences around the globe, communicating to the wider scientific community some of the innovations and advancements we have been involved in. This resulted in 15 poster presentations, 15 seminars, and 13 podium presentations. Thank you to all of my colleagues and our collaborators for publishing their work and contributing to the global scientific community. In addition, throughout the year we have continued to invest in our people and facilities so we can better serve the needs of our clients. In February, we announced the integration of drug substance into our Translational Pharmaceutics platform , uniting drug substance , drug product, and clinical testing activities all within one organization and led by a single program manager. In September, we completed major investments and expansions at our Nottingham, UK, and Reading, UK, facilities , with the new clinical pharmacology space and expanded development laboratories increasing our capacity to conduct integrated Translational Pharmaceutics programs for our clients. Furthermore, in October, we completed a major expansion of our drug substance manufacturing facility in Alnwick, UK , allowing us to support our clients into the later stages of development. I am delighted that Quotient Sciences was recognized with multiple CRO Leadership Awards this year. The CRO Leadership Awards recognize top-performing outsourcing organizations in the drug development space. We received leadership awards in all five categories: Capabilities, Compatibility, Expertise, Reliability, and Quality. We were also honored with two champion awards in Expertise and Reliability. In addition, we were a finalist for Best CRO in the OBN Awards this year. The OBN Awards are designed to celebrate innovation and outstanding achievement across all corners of the life sciences industry. These are of course only a small sample of our scientific achievements, and day in and day out one of my colleagues is making a breakthrough, sometimes small, sometimes larger, but each continues our relentless mission to get medicines to patients faster. Details and links to the scientific papers and posters that we published in 2022 are provided below. Please contact us if you would like any further information on any of our publications or our drug development capabilities. Kind regards, Andy Lewis, Global Vice President of Integrated Pharmaceutical Sciences Scientific papers "Effect of Miricorilant, a Selective Glucocorticoid Receptor Modulator, on Olanzapine-Associated Weight Gain in Healthy Subjects: A Proof-of-Concept Study", published in The Journal of Clinical Psychopharmacology Access paper "Characterization of Clinical Absorption, Distribution, Metabolism, and Excretion and Pharmacokinetics of Velsecorat Using an Intravenous Microtracer Combined with an Inhaled Dose in Healthy Subjects", published in Drug Metabolism and Disposition Access paper "Practical and operational considerations related to paediatric oral drug formulation: An industry survey ", published in The International Journal of Pharmaceutics Access paper "Controlled synthesis of SPION@SiO 2 nanoparticles using design of experiments", published in Materials Advances Access paper "Safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of the oligomer modulator anle138b with exposure levels sufficient for therapeutic efficacy in a murine Parkinson model: A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 1a trial", published in EBioMedicine Access paper "Phase 1 Studies to Evaluate the Food Effect and Relative Bioavailability of Tablet and Capsule Formulations of Belumosudil in Healthy Adult Subjects", published in Clinical Pharmacology in Drug Development Access paper "A Phase 1 Pharmacokinetic Drug Interaction Study of Belumosudil Coadministered With CYP3A4 Inhibitors and Inducers and Proton Pump Inhibitors", published in Clinical Pharmacology in Drug Development Access paper "Absolute Bioavailability, Mass Balance, and Metabolic Profiling Assessment of [ 14 C]-Belumosudil in Healthy Men: A Phase 1, Open-Label, 2-Part Study", published in Clinical Pharmacology in Drug Development Access paper "CC-99677, a novel, oral, selective covalent MK2 inhibitor, sustainably reduces pro-inflammatory cytokine production", published in Arthritis Research & Therapy Access paper "Absorption, metabolism and excretion of opicapone in human healthy volunteers", published in The British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology Access paper Scientific posters "Safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of the oligomer modulator anle138b: a first-in-human randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 1 trial", presented at the Advances in Science & Therapy International Conference on Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s Diseases (AD/PD) 2022 Access poster "RANDOMISED OPEN-LABEL STUDY TO ASSESS RELATIVE BIOAVAILABILITY OF DIFFERENT ORAL FORMULATIONS, THE EFFECT OF FOOD ON ABSORPTION AND THE ABSOLUTE BIOAVAILABILITY OF AZD9833 (CAMIZESTRANT) IN POST-MENOPAUSAL HEALTHY FEMALE VOLUNTEERS", presented at the 123 rd Annual Meeting of the American Society for Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics (ASCPT) 2022 Link to follow "Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection", presented at the 13 th World Meeting on Pharmaceutics, Biopharmaceutics and Pharmaceutical (PBP) Technology 2022 Access poster "The use of electrospraying as a means of drug loading into mesoporous silica particles for enhanced dissolution", presented at the 13 th World Meeting on Pharmaceutics, Biopharmaceutics and Pharmaceutical (PBP) Technology 2022 Access poster "Why Archiving is a Crucial Part of Any Clinical Trial", presented at the 38 th Society of Quality Assurance (SQA) Annual Meeting 2022 Access poster "Preparation of Coamorphous Ciprofloxacin Formulations with Enhanced Deposition Parameters for Dry Powder Inhalation", presented at Respiratory Drug Delivery (RDD) 2022 Link to follow "A Decade of Human ADME at Quotient Sciences: Reviewing Key Study Design Variables and Outcomes ", presented at the International Society for the Study of Xenobiotics (ISSX) 2022 Access poster "Understanding the Absorption, Metabolism and Excretion of Masitinib in Healthy Male Subjects ", presented at the International Society for the Study of Xenobiotics (ISSX) 2022 Access poster "A Phase 1, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, First-in-Human Study to Assess Safety, Tolerability & Pharmacokinetics (PK) of Amilo-5MER in Healthy Volunteers", presented at the British Pharmacological Society, Pharmacology 2022 Access poster "Development of a novel oral suspension formulation of a candidate API for administration to paediatric patients", presented at the 14 th Annual European Paediatric Formulation Initiative (EuPFI) Conference 2022 Access poster "Formulation and Taste Assessments in First in Human Studies – Evolving beyond Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics", presented at the American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists (AAPS) PharmSci360 2022 Access poster "KILO SCALE SYNTHESIS IN DAISY CHAINED FLOW REACTORS", presented at the American Association of Pharmaceutical Scientists (AAPS) PharmSci360 2022 Access poster "Benznidazole pharmacokinetics in adults and children: Application of PBPK modeling to explore the impact of age on benznidazole pharmacokinetics", presented at the 13 th American Conference on Pharmacometrics (ACoP) 2022 Access poster "QUALIFICATION OF GASTROPLUS ® PBPK MODELLING SOFTWARE TO SUPPORT DECISION MAKING IN CLINICAL DEVELOPMENT", presented at Pharmacokinetics UK (PKUK) 2022 Access poster "A Phase I Study of the Cancer-specific Vaccine FMPV-1 in Healthy Male Subjects to Assess Safety and Immune Response", presented at the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Immuno-Oncology Congress 2022 Access poster Meet the author: Dr. Andrew Lewis Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/careers
Careers | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Careers at Quotient Sciences Be part of our mission to bring molecules to cures Browse Jobs Why choose a career with Quotient Sciences? Quotient Sciences is a growing business, where we encourage innovation and continuous improvement. Every person counts and teamwork is key to our success. Learn more about why you should choose a career with us. Learn More Browse Jobs Meet our team Insight into what it’s like to be a Data Scientist at Quotient Sciences Read More Life at Quotient Sciences We want our people to make their mark, challenge themselves, and achieve more than they ever thought possible. Learn what it's like to work at Quotient Sciences, right from the people that know us best. Read Colleague Stories Browse Jobs Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Diversity, equity and inclusion are cornerstone values and guiding principles on which we aim to build our teams, cultivate our leaders, and foster a collaborative environment. Learn More Join our team Browse open job opportunities at our global locations Apply today Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-completes-major-expansion-drug-substance-manufacturing-facility
Quotient Sciences Completes Major Expansion of Drug Substance Manufacturing Facility | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Completes Major Expansion of Drug Substance Manufacturing Facility Acquisitions & Growth , Alnwick , Translational Pharmaceutics® Quotient Sciences Completes Major Expansion of Drug Substance Manufacturing Facility A £6 million project expands Quotient Sciences' Alnwick, UK into a state-of-the-art drug substance manufacturing facility that can deliver integrated support for customers from candidate selection through to early clinical development and beyond. NOTTINGHAM, UK; October 18, 2022 – Quotient Sciences, the drug development and manufacturing accelerator, has completed the expansion of its drug substance manufacturing facility in Alnwick, UK. The £6 million project results in a state-of-the-art drug substance manufacturing capability that can deliver integrated support for customers from candidate selection through to early clinical development and beyond. The expansion delivers multipurpose capacity of up to 15 GMP reactor streams with reactor volumes ranging from 5 liters up to 150 liters and tactical deployment of batch or continuous flow chemistry technologies to optimize drug substance manufacturing processes. The facility has been designed adopting Industry 4.0 principles, with the inclusion of a predictive process control system (PharmaMV) improving the transfer from small-scale process research and development (PR&D) into the manufacture of multi-kilogram quantities of drug substance for clinical use. Mark Egerton, Ph.D., CEO of Quotient Sciences, said, “Since acquiring the Alnwick facility in 2021, our objective has been to incorporate drug substance services into our integrated Translational Pharmaceutics® platform combining drug product manufacturing and clinical testing. By working with customers at the point of candidate nomination, we can now design the most streamlined programs and significantly accelerate their development timelines.” Quotient Sciences Alnwick currently employs 200 people across a range of scientific disciplines, including process chemistry, solid-state characterization, radiosynthesis, bioanalysis, and formulation development. The company will continue to expand its capabilities, capacity, and headcount at the site to meet the growing demand for outsourced development and manufacturing services. In 2021, the site was presented an award for “Most Inspirational North East (UK) Science Employer” from STEM Learning as part of the STEM Ambassadors program. About Quotient Sciences Quotient Sciences is a drug development and manufacturing accelerator providing integrated programs and tailored services across the entire development pathway. Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting drugs to patients. Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, and molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. For more information, please visit quotientsciences.com . Share: Latest news Translational Pharmaceutics® Quotient Sciences speaks with Outsourcing Pharma on what's ahead for CPhI By: Liza Laws Learn more News & Announcements, Customer Milestone, Translational Pharmaceutics® Oxilio completes first clinical trial with OXL001 at Quotient Sciences - Nottingham Learn more News & Announcements, Translational Pharmaceutics®, John McDermott Biopharm International: John McDermott on Drug Development Outsourcing By: John McDermott Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/navigating-small-molecule-cmc-pathway
Navigating the Small Molecule CMC Pathway | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact On-Demand Webinar , Drug Substance , Drug Product Optimization , Formulation Development Navigating the Small Molecule CMC Pathway 19 January 2023 Home Resources Navigating the Small Molecule CMC Pathway Overview Learn about drug substance and formulation considerations that can help improve downstream clinical outcomes. Navigating the small molecule CMC pathway from discovery to the clinic comes with challenges and regulatory hurdles. Once the lead candidate has been selected to move into development, what’s next? With the stakes high, having trusted and experienced guidance at this stage can help streamline the pathway from discovery to IND, reduce risk, and improve the likelihood of clinical success. Consulting group NGT BioPharm Consultants and Quotient Sciences has helped hundreds of customers achieve their IND milestones and beyond. Presentation Overview Bridging from discovery and clinical development can present many questions and unknown challenges for drug developers, such as: What are some of the drug substance, drug product, and clinical supply considerations in advancing a drug candidate toward a First-in-Human study? Would an integrated drug substance and drug development approach be best for a clinical program? How long does each critical step take before reaching the clinic? What regulatory considerations does one need to be aware of? By offering strategic guidance and integrated services spanning the entire development pathway, both companies have supported programs with lead candidate selection, drug substance, drug development, biopharmaceutics, clinical and regulatory services, all focused on accelerating development and expediting strategies to address regulatory expectations toward clinical development. Our featured speakers share their expertise around the challenges and considerations that drug developers may face in early development, and present case studies that demonstrate the benefits of an integrated drug substance and drug product approach. Get insight into the timeline for each stage of the development process Hear the benefits of an integrated approach to accelerate from candidate selection and onward into the clinic Learn about regulatory challenges to be aware of when bridging from candidate selection to IND and beyond Featured Speakers Eleanor Row, Executive Director, Quotient Sciences Mark A. Krook, Head, Early Development, NGT BioPharma Consultants Roger Nosal, Head of Regulatory Strategy, NGT BioPharma Consultants Watch Watch Now Watch Now: Navigating the Small Molecule CMC Pathway Date 19 January 2023 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/astrazeneca-azd4831-qsc202884-scientific-publication
AZD4831 Clinical ADME Publication | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Peer Reviewed Publication , Formulation Development , Human ADME , First-in-Human Astrazeneca - Mass balance recovery and disposition of AZD4831 in humans 13 January 2023 Home Resources Astrazeneca - Mass balance recovery and disposition of AZD4831 in humans Overview Quotient Sciences and Astrazeneca Co-Authored Scientific Publication evaluating the mass balance recovery and disposition of AZD4831 in humans. Download our publication here. Download Download Now Download Now: Astrazeneca - Mass balance recovery and disposition of AZD4831 in humans Date 13 January 2023 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/development-novel-oral-suspension-formulation-candidate-api-administration-pediatric
Development of a novel oral suspension formulation of a candidate API for administration to pediatric patients | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Pediatrics , Formulation Development Development of a novel oral suspension formulation of a candidate API for administration to pediatric patients 13 December 2022 Home Resources Development of a novel oral suspension formulation of a candidate API for administration to pediatric patients Overview Download Quotient Sciences poster on the 'Development of a novel oral suspension formulation of a candidate API for administration to pediatric patients'. Download Download Now Download Now: Development of a novel oral suspension formulation of a candidate API for administration to pediatric patients Date 13 December 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/aaps-2022-poster-kilo-scale-synthesis-daisy-chained-flow-reactors
AAPS 2022 Poster: Kilo Scale Synthesis in Daisy Chained Flow Reactors | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Drug Substance , Formulation Development AAPS 2022 Poster: Kilo Scale Synthesis in Daisy Chained Flow Reactors 3 November 2022 Home Resources AAPS 2022 Poster: Kilo Scale Synthesis in Daisy Chained Flow Reactors Overview Quotient Sciences AAPS 2022 Poster, "Kilo Scale Synthesis in Daisy Chained Flow Reactors." (2R, 6R) hydroxynorketamine is a pharmaceutical undergoing trials as an antidepressant. An atom-efficient synthesis route with norketamine as an intermediate is known. A low throughput flow synthesis route to norketamine had previously been developed, 2 however a manufacturing scale method was required. The objective of this study is to conduct the entire synthesis of norketamine from 2 chlorophenylcyclopentyl ketone in daisy-chained reactors, built mainly from readily available parts at a throughput of > 1 kg/day. Download Download Now Download Now: AAPS 2022 Poster: Kilo Scale Synthesis in Daisy Chained Flow Reactors Date 3 November 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/aaps-2022-poster-formulation-and-taste-assessments-first-human-studies
AAPS 2022 Poster: Formulation and Taste Assessments in First in Human Studies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , First-in-Human , Formulation Development AAPS 2022 Poster: Formulation and Taste Assessments in First in Human Studies 3 November 2022 Home Resources AAPS 2022 Poster: Formulation and Taste Assessments in First in Human Studies Overview Quotient Sciences AAPS 2022 Poster, "Formulation and Taste Assessments in First in Human Studies" is available to download here. Download Download Now Date 3 November 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/non-clinical-vs-clinical-risks-considerations-when-developing-modified-release-dosage
Non-Clinical vs Clinical: Risks & Considerations When Developing Modified Release Dosage Forms | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact On-Demand Webinar , Modified Release , Commercial Manufacturing , Formulation Development Non-Clinical vs Clinical: Risks & Considerations When Developing Modified Release Dosage Forms 1 September 2022 Home Resources Non-Clinical vs Clinical: Risks & Considerations When Developing Modified Release Dosage Forms Overview Learn about specialized modified-release formulation technologies that are available in the drug development “toolbox” to achieve an optimal target product profile. In this webinar, Dr. Vanessa Zann , Senior Drug Development Consultant at Quotient Sciences, uses case studies to describe the specialized formulation technologies that are available to achieve an optimal target product profile and how adaptive clinical programs can use human PK data to optimize modified release formulation compositions in real time. Presentation Overview Oral modified-release drug products remain highly prevalent in drug development pipelines. These dosage forms tailor the in vivo drug release profile to achieve improved therapeutic outcomes for drugs intended for both local (gastrointestinal) action and systemic delivery. Patients with chronic and acute conditions benefit from the use of modified-release dosage forms given that they offer greater compliance and less frequent dosing regimens, coupled with potentially greater efficacy and fewer side effects in comparison to immediate-release delivery systems. Many modified release technologies are available to drug developers, each designed to fulfill very specific performance requirements, such as gastro-retention or sustained-, pulsatile-, or delayed-release formats. The design and development of an effective modified release formulation is however an inherently complex process, presenting many challenges for the development team. Human gastrointestinal anatomy and physiology strongly influence drug release and performance of modified release dosage forms given regional variations in pH, fluid volumes and compositions, surface area, metabolizing enzymes, and membrane transporters. Challenges are exacerbated by an over-reliance on in vitro and preclinical test results to inform formulation prototype selection, despite evidence that these data often correlate poorly with pharmacokinetic (PK) performance in humans. Key Points What challenges exist when developing and manufacturing modified-release formulations What drives the need and what are the benefits when going from immediate release to modified release Which approaches to deploy in modified release formulation, such as matrix vs. multiparticulates What relationships exist between formulation parameters, in vitro data and in vivo performance How gamma scintigraphy can be used to understand bioavailability How to evaluate and optimize formulation performance in real-time using clinical data and design spaces Our Expert Dr. Vanessa Zann is a Senior Drug Development Consultant at Quotient Sciences. Vanessa has over two decades of industry experience providing biopharmaceutical support to discovery, development, and clinical programs. Meet Our Expert Watch Watch Now Watch Now: Non-Clinical vs Clinical: Risks & Considerations When Developing Modified Release Dosage Forms Date 1 September 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/assessment-contribution-cyp2d6-elimination-idalopirdine-well-absolute-bioavailability
Assessment of the Contribution of CYP2D6 to the Elimination of Idalopirdine as well as the Absolute Bioavailability Following Multiple Oral Dosing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Translational Pharmaceutics , Clinical Pharmacology , Formulation Development Assessment of the Contribution of CYP2D6 to the Elimination of Idalopirdine as well as the Absolute Bioavailability Following Multiple Oral Dosing 26 August 2022 Home Resources Assessment of the Contribution of CYP2D6 to the Elimination of Idalopirdine as well as the Absolute Bioavailability Following Multiple Oral Dosing Overview This study assessed the contribution of CYP2D6 to the metabolization of idalopirdine by comparing pharmacokinetics in CYP2D6 extensive metabolizers (EM) and poor metabolizers (PM) following multiple oral dosing. Comparison of pharmacokinetic (PK) parameters in PMs and EMs may substitute for an interaction study of the effect of CYP2D6 inhibition. Download Download Now Date 26 August 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/peptide-development-strategies
Peptide Development Strategies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Formulation Development Peptide Development Strategies 25 August 2022 Home Resources Peptide Development Strategies Overview Peptide drug products continue to gain popularity in the pharmaceutical industry due to their high selectivity, high potency, and good safety profile. However, formulating peptides can present many challenges for drug developers because of their unique physicochemical properties. Download Download Now Date 25 August 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/modified-release-formulation-strategies
Modified-Release Formulation Strategies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Modified Release , Formulation Development Modified-Release Formulation Strategies 25 July 2022 Home Resources Modified-Release Formulation Strategies Overview Our services for MR programs span the entire development pathway, from candidate development through to commercialization, reducing development risks and simplifying the supply chain for our customers. By taking a unique, integrated approach that is tailored to each program, we provide optimal results for our customers in the most efficient and cost-effective manner, getting new medicines to patients faster. Download Download Now Date 25 July 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/first-human-fih-study-assess-safety-tolerability-and-pharmacokinetics-single-and-multiple
A First-in-Human (FIH) Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Single and Multiple Doses, and Alternative Formulations of R941552 (R552): A selective Receptor Interacting Protein 1 (RIP1) Kinase Inhibitor | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , First-in-Human , Translational Pharmaceutics , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Formulation Development A First-in-Human (FIH) Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Single and Multiple Doses, and Alternative Formulations of R941552 (R552): A selective Receptor Interacting Protein 1 (RIP1) Kinase Inhibitor 24 March 2022 Home Resources A First-in-Human (FIH) Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Single and Multiple Doses, and Alternative Formulations of R941552 (R552): A selective Receptor Interacting Protein 1 (RIP1) Kinase Inhibitor Overview IPK1 (receptor-interacting serine/threonine kinase 1) mediates cell survival through NF-kB, or cell death through apoptosis or necroptosis downstream of TNF receptor activation. R552 is a potent and selective RIPK1 inhibitor that has been shown to block inflammatory cell death (necroptosis). R552 is being developed for the treatment of autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. Preclinical data suggested that solubility may limit exposure; alternative formulations were also assessed in this first-in-human (FIH) study. Download Download Now Download Now: A First-in-Human (FIH) Study to Assess the Safety, Tolerability and Pharmacokinetics of Single and Multiple Doses, and Alternative Formulations of R941552 (R552): A selective Receptor Interacting Protein 1 (RIP1) Kinase Inhibitor Date 24 March 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/development-once-daily-modified-release-formulation-short-half-life-ripk1-inhibitor
Development of a Once‑Daily Modified‑Release Formulation for the Short Half‑Life RIPK1 Inhibitor GSK2982772 using DiffCORE Technology | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Peer Reviewed Publication , Modified Release , Formulation Development Development of a Once‑Daily Modified‑Release Formulation for the Short Half‑Life RIPK1 Inhibitor GSK2982772 using DiffCORE Technology 10 January 2022 Home Resources Development of a Once‑Daily Modified‑Release Formulation for the Short Half‑Life RIPK1 Inhibitor GSK2982772 using DiffCORE Technology Overview Purpose GSK2982772 is a selective inhibitor of receptor-interacting protein kinase-1 (RIPK1) with a short 2- to 3-h half-life. In a previous modified-release (MR) study, a matrix monolithic formulation (80% GSK2982772 released over 12 h) provided a once-daily (QD) pharmacokinetic (PK) profile in the fasted state; however, it was susceptible to food effects. The current study evaluated the safety and PK of MR formulations using GSK proprietary DiffCORE™ technology. Methods Part A evaluated PK following single-dose (240 mg) fasted and fed (high-fat meal) administration of three DiffCORE MR formulations within pre-defined in vitro extremes of 80% GSK2982772 released over 12 h (MR-12 h) to 80% GSK2982772 released over 18 h (MR- 18 h) versus an immediate-release formulation. Part B evaluated MR-16 h (120–960 mg) in different prandial states. Download Download Now Download Now: Development of a Once‑Daily Modified‑Release Formulation for the Short Half‑Life RIPK1 Inhibitor GSK2982772 using DiffCORE Technology Date 10 January 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/influence-drug-loading-and-fillers-drug-release-hpmc-matrix-tablets
Influence of drug loading and fillers on drug release from HPMC matrix tablets | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development Influence of drug loading and fillers on drug release from HPMC matrix tablets 22 December 2021 Home Resources Influence of drug loading and fillers on drug release from HPMC matrix tablets Overview Drug release from hyrdophillic matrix modified release tablets can be affected by various factors such as drug properties, molecular weight (or viscosity) and level of release controlling polymer, drug to polymer ratio (DPR), surface area to volume ratio (SAVR) and properties of filler. Download Download Now Download Now: Influence of drug loading and fillers on drug release from HPMC matrix tablets Date 22 December 2021 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/development-modified-release-matrix-tablet-formulation-using-solid-lipid-compritol-888
Development of modified release matrix tablet formulation using solid lipid Compritol 888 for a poorly water soluble drug | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Modified Release , Formulation Development Development of modified release matrix tablet formulation using solid lipid Compritol 888 for a poorly water soluble drug 22 December 2021 Home Resources Development of modified release matrix tablet formulation using solid lipid Compritol 888 for a poorly water soluble drug Overview Drug X is a poorly water soluble BCS/DCS II small molecule drug. In order to reduce the Cmax related side effects observed from the immediate release formulation, development of a modified release tablet was required. Download Download Now Download Now: Development of modified release matrix tablet formulation using solid lipid Compritol 888 for a poorly water soluble drug Date 22 December 2021 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/role-biopharmaceutics-early-drug-development
The Role of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact On-Demand Webinar , Formulation Development The Role of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development 6 October 2021 Home Resources The Role of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development Overview The Role of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development Nominated candidates entering clinical development often have sub-optimal physicochemical, biopharmaceutical, or DMPK properties for oral delivery. Development teams are challenged with how to understand the properties of new drug candidates, how to design the appropriate formulation strategy, and how to move quickly and successfully into early-phase clinical trials. Along the way, it is important to identify developability risks and take steps to mitigate these factors, balanced carefully against time and cost investments. This webinar discusses effective strategies being used by biotech and pharmaceutical companies to overcome biopharmaceutic challenges for small molecules in today’s drug development pipeline; and explores alternative approaches for accelerating your early development plan. Case studies: Learn about case studies relating to: • Poor solubility molecules • Drugs with short half-lives • Preclinical to clinical translation. Key Learning Objectives: • The importance of salt and polymorph screening and prototype selection for pre-clinical assessment • BCS or DCS assignment and developing a formulation strategy for poorly soluble molecules • The role of physiologically based pharmacokinetic (PBPK) modelling and simulation (M&S) for rational formulation design • Teasing apart the drivers of poor bioavailability - In-vitro testing / in-silico techniques / in-vivo preclinical studies / clinical assessment • Choosing the appropriate dosage form for first-in-human trials • Formulation optimization using adaptive clinical programs Watch Watch Now Watch Now: The Role of Biopharmaceutics in Early Drug Development Date 6 October 2021 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/integrated-programs-early-development
Integrated Programs: Early Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Translational Pharmaceutics , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Real-Time Manufacturing , Formulation Development Integrated Programs: Early Development 14 September 2021 Home Resources Integrated Programs: Early Development Overview With fully integrated capabilities from First-in-Human testing to seamless drug product supply for patient trials, we simplify early development and accelerate molecules through to POC. Unparalleled in the pharmaceutical industry, our Integrated Programs get molecules to patients faster by dramatically shortening development timelines. Download Download Now Date 14 September 2021 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/quotient-sciences-corporate-brochure-2022
Quotient Sciences Corporate Brochure 2022 | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Translational Pharmaceutics , Human ADME , Pediatrics , Regulatory Affairs , High Potency Handling , Drug Substance , Drug Product , Bioanalysis , Microbiology , Analytical Services , Radiosynthesis , Isotopic Labeling , Solubility Enhancement , Modified Release , Spray Drying , Drug Product Optimization , Commercial Manufacturing , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Real-Time Manufacturing , Gamma Scintigraphy , Formulation Development , Clinical Pharmacology , Oncology , First-in-Human Quotient Sciences Corporate Brochure 2022 14 July 2021 Home Resources Quotient Sciences Corporate Brochure 2022 Overview Quotient Sciences is a drug development and manufacturing accelerator providing integrated programs and tailored services across the entire development pathway. Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting drugs to patients. Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Download Download Now Date 14 July 2021 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/global-clinical-trial-supplies
Global Clinical Trial Supplies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Pediatrics , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Real-Time Manufacturing , Formulation Development , Clinical Pharmacology Global Clinical Trial Supplies 10 June 2021 Home Resources Global Clinical Trial Supplies Overview We understand the challenges of managing clinical trials at numerous sites, in multiple countries. Quotient Sciences can ease the headache of global product supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. We’ll develop and manufacture your drug product, and then seamlessly integrate into a flexible packaging, labelling & distribution strategy, tailored to your clinical trial. Download Download Now Date 10 June 2021 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/scientific-paperdevelopment-and-approval-rybelsus-oral-semaglutide-ushering-new-era
Scientific Paper_Development and approval of rybelsus (oral semaglutide): ushering in a new era in peptide delivery | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Peer Reviewed Publication , Formulation Development Scientific Paper_Development and approval of rybelsus (oral semaglutide): ushering in a new era in peptide delivery 1 May 2021 Home Resources Scientific Paper_Development and approval of rybelsus (oral semaglutide): ushering in a new era in peptide delivery Overview Achieving efficacious systemic levels of orally administered peptides is incredibly challenging due to the significant barriers to their bioavailability—their stability in the gastrointestinal tract and challenge of transepithelial transit, and variable pharmacokinetics. Even so, as the generally preferred route of administration, significant research effort in academic and industrial settings has focused on enabling the systemic absorption of orally delivered peptides. Despite several decades of research, few have ever reached the market. The recent approval of Rybelsus® (oral semaglutide) by the FDA [1], the EMA [2], and the Pmda [3] represents a significant landmark in the delivery of therapeutic peptides and is the culmination of more than 30 years research and development of the drug delivery technology enabling the product—Emisphere’s Eligen™ technology—and an outstanding commitment to scientific, technical, and clinical innovation by Novo Nordisk. Following years of fundamental and applied research, an innovative clinical strategy led to the aptly named PIONEER clinical programme. This included ten Phase 3 clinical trials that demonstrated the tablet formulation to be as effective as the already approved injectable form of the drug, and more effective than competitor products in terms of its blood glucose lowering effects and weight loss. Not only is this a potentially life changing medicine for diabetic patients, it holds tremendous commercial potential for Novo Nordisk, with some analysts predicting the product to reach $5 billion in peak revenues [3]. In this “Inspirational Note,” we summarize some of the public domain work that led to the achievement of this significant milestone and provide commentary on its potential future impact. Download Download Now Download Now: Scientific Paper_Development and approval of rybelsus (oral semaglutide): ushering in a new era in peptide delivery Date 1 May 2021 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/aaps-2020-poster-quality-design-approach-optimize-and-accelerate-formulation-and-process
Optimize and Accelerate Formulation | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development AAPS 2020 Poster: A Quality by Design Approach to Optimize and Accelerate Formulation and Process Development Leading towards Registration Batches Manufacturing 5 November 2020 Home Resources AAPS 2020 Poster: A Quality by Design Approach to Optimize and Accelerate Formulation and Process Development Leading towards Registration Batches Manufacturing Overview Download our poster from AAPS 2020 titled, "A Quality by Design Approach to Optimize and Accelerate Formulation and Process Development Leading towards Registration Batches Manufacturing'. To improve the existing formulation composition and manufacturing process of compound X which was designed for early phase development Process optimization activities focused on improving the flow characteristics of the granules, minimizing or eliminating segregation, and increasing the manufacturing yield to achieve a robust process before the product registration campaign. Download Download Now Download Now: AAPS 2020 Poster: A Quality by Design Approach to Optimize and Accelerate Formulation and Process Development Leading towards Registration Batches Manufacturing Date 5 November 2020 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/aaps-2020-poster-development-high-drug-load-multiparticulate-beads-using-extrusion
High Drug Load Multiparticulate Beads | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development AAPS 2020 Poster: Development of High Drug Load Multiparticulate Beads Using an Extrusion-Spheronization Process 5 November 2020 Home Resources AAPS 2020 Poster: Development of High Drug Load Multiparticulate Beads Using an Extrusion-Spheronization Process Overview Request a copy of our poster from AAPS 2020 titled, "Development of High Drug Load Multiparticulate Beads Using an Extrusion-Spheronization Process. During high shear wet massing, changes in impellor torque occur as a result of changes in cohesive forces in the wet powder bed, and can be used to assess end points. However, for these formulations the change in torque was not sensitive enough for end point identification. Optimal end point for extrusion-spheronization reached just before the traditional wet granulation end point. Download Download Now Download Now: AAPS 2020 Poster: Development of High Drug Load Multiparticulate Beads Using an Extrusion-Spheronization Process Date 5 November 2020 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/aaps-2020-poster-improving-stability-spray-dried-peroxide-susceptible-drug-tablets
Improving Stability of Drugs In Tablets | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Spray Drying , Drug Product Optimization , Formulation Development AAPS 2020 Poster: Improving the Stability of a Spray-Dried Peroxide-Susceptible Drug in Tablets 5 November 2020 Home Resources AAPS 2020 Poster: Improving the Stability of a Spray-Dried Peroxide-Susceptible Drug in Tablets Overview Download our poster from AAPS 2020 titled, 'Improving the Stability of a Spray-Dried Peroxide-Susceptible Drug in Tablets.' Compound X (Cmp-X) belongs to the class of PDE-5 inhibitors and is a BCS Class II candidate with equilibrium solubility <3 μg/mL, thus exhibiting a dissolution rate of limited bioavailability. The purpose of this work is to develop an amorphous solid dispersion (ASD) by spray drying and monitor and improve the physical and chemical stability upon storage for developing a successful solid dosage formulation. Download Download Now Download Now: AAPS 2020 Poster: Improving the Stability of a Spray-Dried Peroxide-Susceptible Drug in Tablets Date 5 November 2020 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/aaps-2020-poster-development-radiolabeled-surrogate-beads-tracing-gastrointestinal
Development of Radiolabeled Surrogate Beads | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development AAPS 2020 Poster: Development of Radiolabeled Surrogate Beads for Tracing Gastrointestinal Transit of Oral Multiparticulate Formulations 5 November 2020 Home Resources AAPS 2020 Poster: Development of Radiolabeled Surrogate Beads for Tracing Gastrointestinal Transit of Oral Multiparticulate Formulations Overview Request a copy of our poster presented at AAPS 2020 entitled, 'Development of Radiolabeled Surrogate Beads for Tracing Gastrointestinal Transit of Oral Multiparticulate Formulations'. Gamma scintigraphy is a proven imaging technique used to visualize the in vivo performance of pharmaceutical dosage forms. Combined with pharmacokinetic (PK) analysis, the clinical outcomes provide an understanding of the impact of formulation composition, patient factors, and human physiology on in vivo drug absorption. For oral solid dosage forms, technetium-99m and indium-111 are the most commonly used radioisotopes for scintigraphy studies. These radioisotopes can be directly incorporated into the formulations during manufacture or spiking into the drug product. For formulations such as multiparticulates, it would be challenging to radiolabel using these conventional methods. Therefore a specifically designed radiolabelled surrogate with similar physical properties to active multiparticulate was required. Download Download Now Download Now: AAPS 2020 Poster: Development of Radiolabeled Surrogate Beads for Tracing Gastrointestinal Transit of Oral Multiparticulate Formulations Date 5 November 2020 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/aaps-2020-poster-flexible-formulation-assessments-fih-studies-poorly-soluble-drugs
Flexible formulation assessments in FIH studies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development AAPS 2020 Poster: Flexible formulation assessments in FIH studies for poorly soluble drugs accelerates dosage form development, manufacturing and supply for patient POC trials 5 November 2020 Home Resources AAPS 2020 Poster: Flexible formulation assessments in FIH studies for poorly soluble drugs accelerates dosage form development, manufacturing and supply for patient POC trials Overview Download our poster from AAPS 2020 entitled, 'Flexible formulation assessments in FIH studies for poorly soluble drugs accelerates dosage form development, manufacturing & supply for patient POC trials'. Here we describe how the integration of formulation development, compounding, and GMP manufacturing activities within the FIH to POC program can streamline development and maximize the potential for clinical success. Download Download Now Download Now: AAPS 2020 Poster: Flexible formulation assessments in FIH studies for poorly soluble drugs accelerates dosage form development, manufacturing and supply for patient POC trials Date 5 November 2020 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/accelerating-development-505b2-product
Accelerating Development of 505(B)(2) Product | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Translational Pharmaceutics , Formulation Development Accelerating Development of 505(B)(2) Product 11 August 2020 Home Resources Accelerating Development of 505(B)(2) Product Overview Quotient has significant experience in 505(b)(2) product development and can support you in efficiently turning your innovative ideas into successful products. Over the past several years, the FDA’s 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway has enabled the approval of a variety of differentiated dosage forms for existing molecules. There has been an increasing number of product approvals in the US using this approach and similarly, in the EU, the Hybrid Medicine Authorization process can provide new product opportunities for previously approved compounds. Download Download Now Date 11 August 2020 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/project-management-quotient-sciences
Project Management at Quotient Sciences | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Translational Pharmaceutics , Commercial Manufacturing , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Real-Time Manufacturing , Formulation Development , First-in-Human Project Management at Quotient Sciences 11 August 2020 Home Resources Project Management at Quotient Sciences Overview Quotient is an innovative drug development and manufacturing partner supporting clients from candidate selection to commercial launch. With expertise in end-to-end Project Management and integrated project teams, we make drug development easier for our customers and dramatically reduce the time and cost of getting new medicines to patients. Download Download Now Date 11 August 2020 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/developing-poorly-tasting-drug-substance-palatable-dosage-form
Developing a Poorly Tasting Drug Substance into a Palatable Dosage Form | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Pediatrics , Formulation Development Developing a Poorly Tasting Drug Substance into a Palatable Dosage Form 11 August 2020 Home Resources Developing a Poorly Tasting Drug Substance into a Palatable Dosage Form Overview Many drug substances are extremely bitter or have other aversive attributes, which can make developing palatable drug products extremely challenging. This is a common problem seen in medicines spanning all therapeutic areas, from antibiotics and painkillers to antihistamines and decongestants. The careful design and development of formulated oral drug products is key to ensuring patient acceptability and compliance for achieving the desired clinical outcomes. Download Download Now Date 11 August 2020 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/intestinal-transit-and-release-capsules-different-coating-compositions
CRS 2020 Poster: Intestinal Transit and Release of Capsules with Different Coating Compositions Assessed by Gamma Scintigraphy in Healthy Subjects with Baseline Gastrointestinal pH, Temperature and Pressure Measured by SmartPill | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development CRS 2020 Poster: Intestinal Transit and Release of Capsules with Different Coating Compositions Assessed by Gamma Scintigraphy in Healthy Subjects with Baseline Gastrointestinal pH, Temperature and Pressure Measured by SmartPill 29 June 2020 Home Resources CRS 2020 Poster: Intestinal Transit and Release of Capsules with Different Coating Compositions Assessed by Gamma Scintigraphy in Healthy Subjects with Baseline Gastrointestinal pH, Temperature and Pressure Measured by SmartPill Overview Applied Molecular Transport Inc. is evaluating targeted drug delivery capsules for the administration of locally acting drugs directly to the site of action in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. This study used gamma scintigraphy to evaluate GI transit and release from 3 capsule prototypes with different coating systems (1). In addition, data on pH, temperature, and pressure during GI transit was obtained using SmartPill® and correlated with scintigraphy data (2). Download our scientific poster today. Download Download Now Download Now: CRS 2020 Poster: Intestinal Transit and Release of Capsules with Different Coating Compositions Assessed by Gamma Scintigraphy in Healthy Subjects with Baseline Gastrointestinal pH, Temperature and Pressure Measured by SmartPill Date 29 June 2020 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/development-x-ray-diffraction-method-quantification-api
Development of X-ray Diffraction Method | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Translational Pharmaceutics , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , First-in-Human , Formulation Development Digital RDD 2020 Poster: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized API 26 April 2020 Home Resources Digital RDD 2020 Poster: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized API Overview Request a copy of our poster, 'Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized API.' Typically, in developing dry powder inhaler (DPI) formulations, a stable crystalline form of the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) is desired. However, often to produce crystalline particles of suitable size for inhalation, micronization processes will be required, resulting in surface amorphous material which may affect the efficacy of the product. If required, additional conditioning/processing steps may then be applied to the API (or to ensure drug product stability under use) without requiring any additional solid-state characterization of the API in the drug product. Download Download Now Download Now: Digital RDD 2020 Poster: Development of an X-ray Diffraction Method for the Quantification of API Recrystallized API Date 26 April 2020 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/phase-i-study-allowing-clinical-screening-multiple
AAPS 2019: Phase I Solubility-Enhancement Formulation Tech | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Translational Pharmaceutics , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Real-Time Manufacturing , Formulation Development , First-in-Human , Clinical Pharmacology AAPS 2019 Poster: A Phase I Study Allowing Clinical Screening of Multiple Solubility-Enhancement Formulation Technologies, and an Assessment of Food, PPI and Dose Linearity Assessment with the Selected Formulation of BOS172767, in Healthy Volunteers 4 November 2019 Home Resources AAPS 2019 Poster: A Phase I Study Allowing Clinical Screening of Multiple Solubility-Enhancement Formulation Technologies, and an Assessment of Food, PPI and Dose Linearity Assessment with the Selected Formulation of BOS172767, in Healthy Volunteers Overview Presented at AAPS 2019: Translational Pharmaceutics was used to evaluate three BOS172767 formulations in an integrated clinical study, and successfully identified the micronized capsule as the new lead formulation. This formulation had superior exposure compared to the IR reference capsules, and an approximate proportional increase in exposure up to 800 mg. The food effect observed at 100 mg was reduced compared to that previously seen at 200 mg (FIH capsule) and elevated gastric pH (subjects taking PPIs) had minimal effect on exposure. A Level C IVIVC was achieved with a biorelevant dissolution test, which provides valuable information for future formulation development and setting of product specifications. Download Download Now Download Now: AAPS 2019 Poster: A Phase I Study Allowing Clinical Screening of Multiple Solubility-Enhancement Formulation Technologies, and an Assessment of Food, PPI and Dose Linearity Assessment with the Selected Formulation of BOS172767, in Healthy Volunteers Date 4 November 2019 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/formulation-strategies-poorly-soluble-molecules
Formulation Strategies for Poorly Soluble Molecules | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Spray Drying , Drug Product Optimization , Formulation Development , Oncology Formulation Strategies for Poorly Soluble Molecules 27 September 2019 Home Resources Formulation Strategies for Poorly Soluble Molecules Overview With nearly 30 years of experience, Quotient has established a broad suite of technologies and formulation approaches to address these complex solubility challenges. Our approach allows us to dramatically speed up the optimization of your drug products to improve oral bioavailability. Download Download Now Date 27 September 2019 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/developing-spray-dried-dispersions-early-phase-clinical-trials-and-beyond
Spray Dried Dispersions For Early Phase Trials | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development Developing spray dried dispersions for early phase clinical trials and beyond 1 May 2019 Home Resources Developing spray dried dispersions for early phase clinical trials and beyond Overview Download Quotient Sciences' poster on the benefits of spray-drying to address poor drug solubility in early-phase clinical trial research. Poster features: Formulation strategies and the DevelopabilityClassification System (DCS). Benefits of spray-drying to address poor drug solubility. Fit-for-purpose systems in early clinical research and effectively transitioning to solid oral dosage forms. Adaptive clinical manufacturing “tailored” to the clinical study and patient recruitment. Download Download Now Download Now: Developing spray dried dispersions for early phase clinical trials and beyond Date 1 May 2019 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/application-novel-make-and-test-parallel-strategy-investigate-effect-formulation
Application of a Novel ‘Make and Test in Parallel’ Strategy to Investigate the Effect of Formulation on the Pharmacokinetics of GDC-0810 in Healthy Subjects | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Peer Reviewed Publication , Translational Pharmaceutics , Formulation Development , Clinical Pharmacology Application of a Novel ‘Make and Test in Parallel’ Strategy to Investigate the Effect of Formulation on the Pharmacokinetics of GDC-0810 in Healthy Subjects 23 November 2018 Home Resources Application of a Novel ‘Make and Test in Parallel’ Strategy to Investigate the Effect of Formulation on the Pharmacokinetics of GDC-0810 in Healthy Subjects Overview GDC-0810, administered orally, was used in Phase I and II clinical studies to treat estrogen receptor-positive breast cancers. Download Quotient Sciences publication here. Download Download Now Download Now: Application of a Novel ‘Make and Test in Parallel’ Strategy to Investigate the Effect of Formulation on the Pharmacokinetics of GDC-0810 in Healthy Subjects Date 23 November 2018 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/phase-1-1b-study-inhaled-formulation-healthy-volunteers-asthmatics
Phase 1/1b study of inhaled formulation in healthy volunteers & asthmatics | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development , Clinical Pharmacology ACAAI 2018 Poster: Phase 1/1b study of inhaled formulation in healthy volunteers & asthmatics 15 November 2018 Home Resources ACAAI 2018 Poster: Phase 1/1b study of inhaled formulation in healthy volunteers & asthmatics Overview PUR1900 is an iSPERSE™ formulation incorporating a large, complex anti-fungal compound that can be administered at high therapeutic dose to the lung while minimizing systemic side effects. This Phase 1/1b study was conducted to evaluate the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of PUR1900 in healthy volunteers and asthmatics. Request a copy of our poster now. Download Download Now Download Now: ACAAI 2018 Poster: Phase 1/1b study of inhaled formulation in healthy volunteers & asthmatics Date 15 November 2018 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/identification-and-optimization-critical-process-parameters-roller
Process Parameters of Roller Compacted Capsules | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Translational Pharmaceutics , Formulation Development AAPS 2018 Poster: Identification and Optimization of Critical Process Parameters of Roller Compacted Capsules: From Development to Registration Batches 5 November 2018 Home Resources AAPS 2018 Poster: Identification and Optimization of Critical Process Parameters of Roller Compacted Capsules: From Development to Registration Batches Overview Download Quotient Sciences' poster, 'Identification and Optimization of Critical Process Parameters of Roller Compacted Capsules From Development to Registration Batches'. Download Download Now Date 5 November 2018 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/development-and-approval-palatable-glycopyrronium-bromide-liquid
Liquid Formulation for Pediatrics | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Pediatrics , Translational Pharmaceutics , Formulation Development AAPS 2018 Poster: Development and Approval of a Palatable Glycopyrronium Bromide Liquid Formulation for Pediatrics 5 November 2018 Home Resources AAPS 2018 Poster: Development and Approval of a Palatable Glycopyrronium Bromide Liquid Formulation for Pediatrics Overview Chronic drooling or sialorrhoea is evident in the pediatric population and is particularly prominent in those who suffer from neurological disorders such as cerebral palsy. Download our poster titled, 'Development and Approval of a Palatable Glycopyrronium Bromide Liquid Formulation for Pediatrics' here. Watch Watch recording Date 5 November 2018 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/rapid-development-and-clinical-assessment-new-rectal-and-oral
Rapid Formulations For Ulcerative Colitis | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Translational Pharmaceutics , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Formulation Development AAPS 2018 Poster: Rapid Development and Clinical Assessment of New Rectal and Oral Formulations for Ulcerative Colitis Using Real-Time Adaptive GMP Manufacturing and Supply 5 November 2018 Home Resources AAPS 2018 Poster: Rapid Development and Clinical Assessment of New Rectal and Oral Formulations for Ulcerative Colitis Using Real-Time Adaptive GMP Manufacturing and Supply Overview TOP1288 is a non-systemic kinase inhibitor (NSKI) being developed as a treatment for patients with ulcerative colitis. As a novel, locally-acting candidate, TOP1288 has low systemic bioavailability, and therefore a dual-pronged formulation strategy was adopted with rectal and oral formulations being developed. Download Quotient Sciences' poster, 'Rapid Development and Clinical Assessment of New Rectal and Oral Formulations for Ulcerative Colitis Using Real-Time Adaptive GMP Manufacturing and Supply'. Download Download Now Download Now: AAPS 2018 Poster: Rapid Development and Clinical Assessment of New Rectal and Oral Formulations for Ulcerative Colitis Using Real-Time Adaptive GMP Manufacturing and Supply Date 5 November 2018 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/pharmacokinetics-and-lung-deposition-study-healthy-volunteers
A pharmacokinetics and lung deposition study in healthy volunteers | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development , Clinical Pharmacology NACFC 2018 Poster: A pharmacokinetics and lung deposition study in healthy volunteers 18 October 2018 Home Resources NACFC 2018 Poster: A pharmacokinetics and lung deposition study in healthy volunteers Overview The results of this study demonstrate that CMS delivered as ColistAir has a comparable safety profile to the comparator products and is well tolerated in healthy volunteers. Download our scientific poster highlighting the results of a study demonstrating that CMS delivered as ColistAir has a comparable safety profile to the comparator products and is well tolerated in healthy volunteers. Download Download Now Download Now: NACFC 2018 Poster: A pharmacokinetics and lung deposition study in healthy volunteers Date 18 October 2018 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/development-and-optimization-mr-formulations-absence-predictive
Development and optimization of MR formulations | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Modified Release , Formulation Development , Real-Time Manufacturing , Translational Pharmaceutics CRS 2018 Poster: Development and Optimization of MR Formulations in the absence of predictive laboratory or preclinical models 23 July 2018 Home Resources CRS 2018 Poster: Development and Optimization of MR Formulations in the absence of predictive laboratory or preclinical models Overview The integration of formulation design space, real-time GMP manufacturing, and an iterative sequential pharmacokinetic (PK) study in healthy volunteers was successfully applied to develop an HPMC matrix tablet that achieved the desired PK characteristics for SLx-2101.The key formulation variables influencing performance were the range of dose and release rate, hence a two-dimensional (2D) design space was mapped by manufacturing and characterizing four “regulatory batches” bracketing the corners of the compositional ranges. Download our poster titled, 'Development and Optimization of MR Formulations in the absence of predictive laboratory or preclinical models' here. Download Download Now Download Now: CRS 2018 Poster: Development and Optimization of MR Formulations in the absence of predictive laboratory or preclinical models Date 23 July 2018 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/global-formulation-development-and-manufacturing-capabilities
Global Formulation Development and Manufacturing Capabilities | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Drug Product Optimization , Commercial Manufacturing , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Real-Time Manufacturing , Formulation Development Global Formulation Development and Manufacturing Capabilities 12 May 2018 Home Resources Global Formulation Development and Manufacturing Capabilities Overview We provide full service support for small molecule non-sterile programs, from dosage formulation development through to GMP clinical trial manufacturing and commercial drug product supply. Download Download Now Date 12 May 2018 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/formulation-development
Formulation Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Formulation Development Formulation Development 11 May 2018 Home Resources Formulation Development Overview From preclinical and first-in-human (FIH) dosage forms to optimization of your drug products for late stage development, we work with you to develop the most appropriate formulation. Download Download Now Date 11 May 2018 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/pediatric-development
Pediatric Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Pediatrics , Drug Product Optimization , Formulation Development Pediatric Development 9 May 2018 Home Resources Pediatric Development Overview Our expertise and capabilities enable us to meet the complex technical challenges of pediatric products and provide you with a unique integrated development solution. Download Download Now Date 9 May 2018 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/inhaled-product-development
Inhaled Product Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Formulation Development Inhaled Product Development 31 January 2018 Home Resources Inhaled Product Development Overview With more than 30 years’ experience, Quotient is a leader in the development, manufacture and assessment of inhalation products, helping clients to accelerate molecules from first-in-human through to proof-of-concept. Download Download Now Date 31 January 2018 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/enhanced-formulation-decision-making-early-phase-clinical-trials-parenteral-products
Formulation Decisions with Parenteral Products | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Pediatrics , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Formulation Development , Clinical Pharmacology , First-in-Human Enhanced formulation decision-making in early phase clinical trials for parenteral products 17 January 2018 Home Resources Enhanced formulation decision-making in early phase clinical trials for parenteral products Overview This presentation describes the principles and applications of Translational Pharmaceutics: an R&D platform integrating formulation development, real-time adaptive GMP manufacturing, and clinical testing to accelerate drug development cycles. Download our presentation titled, 'Enhanced Formulation Decision-Making in Early Phase Clinical Trials for Parenteral Products.' Download Download Now Download Now: Enhanced formulation decision-making in early phase clinical trials for parenteral products Date 17 January 2018 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/evaluation-process-transferability-poorly-flowing-blend-between-blenders
Evaluation of Process Transferability | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development AAPS 2017 Poster: Evaluation of Process Transferability of Poorly Flowing Blend Between the Blenders Manufactured by Different Vendors 13 November 2017 Home Resources AAPS 2017 Poster: Evaluation of Process Transferability of Poorly Flowing Blend Between the Blenders Manufactured by Different Vendors Overview The objective of the study is to evaluate the overall risk on the process transferability of a poorly flowing blend between two (2) - 10 cu.ft V blenders manufactured by different vendors. Download our poster entitled, 'Evaluation of Process Transferability of Poorly Flowing Blend Between the Blenders Manufactured by Different Vendors.' Download Download Now Download Now: AAPS 2017 Poster: Evaluation of Process Transferability of Poorly Flowing Blend Between the Blenders Manufactured by Different Vendors Date 13 November 2017 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/formulation-selection-and-development-me-401-during-first-human-study
Formulation Selection and Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Human ADME , Formulation Development , Clinical Pharmacology , First-in-Human AAPS 2016 Poster: Formulation selection and development for ME-401 during a first-in-human study in healthy volunteers 7 November 2017 Home Resources AAPS 2016 Poster: Formulation selection and development for ME-401 during a first-in-human study in healthy volunteers Overview Formulation selection and development for ME-401, an oral, potent, and selective inhibitor of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase P110δ during a first-in-human study in healthy volunteers. Read our scientific poster today titled, 'Formulation Selection and Development for ME-401 Suring a First-in-human Study in Healthy Volunteers.' Download Download Now Date 7 November 2017 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/formulation-development-spray-drying
Formulation Development - Spray Drying | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Info Sheet , Spray Drying , Drug Product Optimization , Formulation Development Formulation Development - Spray Drying 6 November 2017 Home Resources Formulation Development - Spray Drying Overview We use a broad range of formulation approaches to address complex solubility and bioavailability challenges, ensuring technology selection is driven by molecule need. Download Download Now Date 6 November 2017 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/working-short-shelf-life-products-clinical-development
Working short shelf-life products | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Clinical Pharmacology , Formulation Development APS 2012 Poster: Working with Short Shelf-Life Products in Clinical Development 26 October 2017 Home Resources APS 2012 Poster: Working with Short Shelf-Life Products in Clinical Development Overview Read our scientific poster today titled, 'Working with Short Shelf-Life Products in Clinical Development.'. Download Download Now Date 26 October 2017 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/maximising-potential-amorphous-spray-dried-dispersions
Maximising the Potential of Amorphous Spray-Dried Dispersions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Spray Drying , Drug Product Optimization , Formulation Development AAPS 2016 Poster: Maximizing the potential of amorphous spray-dried dispersions 26 October 2017 Home Resources AAPS 2016 Poster: Maximizing the potential of amorphous spray-dried dispersions Overview Maximizing the Potential of Amorphous Spray-Dried Dispersions to Enhance Clinical Bioavailability. Amorphous Dispersions (ADs) provide an effective approach to oral bioavailability improvement for poorly soluble compounds. Download Download Now Date 26 October 2017 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/delivery-antibodies-gastrointestinal-tract-local-action
Antibody Delivery To Gastrointestinal Tract | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development AAPS 2009 Poster: Delivery of Antibodies to the Gastrointestinal Tract for Local Action 26 October 2017 Home Resources AAPS 2009 Poster: Delivery of Antibodies to the Gastrointestinal Tract for Local Action Overview There has been interest in the oral administration of antibodies for localised treatment of infections or other conditions in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. Download our poster on the interest in the oral administration of antibodies for local treatment of conditions in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. Download Download Now Date 26 October 2017 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/rapid-formulation-development
Gastro-Retentive Controlled Release Tech | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development , Clinical Pharmacology AAPS 2015 Poster: Rapid Formulation Development and Clinical Testing of Gastro-Retentive Controlled Release Technology to Enable Once-Daily Dosing 26 October 2017 Home Resources AAPS 2015 Poster: Rapid Formulation Development and Clinical Testing of Gastro-Retentive Controlled Release Technology to Enable Once-Daily Dosing Overview MK-X had demonstrated poor colonic absorption in dogs and conventional matrix-based controlled release formulations failed to achieve adequate trough concentrations in a human pharmacokinetic (PK) study to support once-daily dosing. Download Quotient Sciences', 'Rapid Formulation Development & Clinical Testing of Gastro-Retentive Controlled Release Tech to Enable Once-Daily Dosing'. Download Download Now Download Now: AAPS 2015 Poster: Rapid Formulation Development and Clinical Testing of Gastro-Retentive Controlled Release Technology to Enable Once-Daily Dosing Date 26 October 2017 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/rapid-vitro-screen-method
A rapid in vitro screen method | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development APS 2014 Poster: A rapid in vitro screen method for assessing the potential for precipitation of solubilized drugs in the small intestine 26 October 2017 Home Resources APS 2014 Poster: A rapid in vitro screen method for assessing the potential for precipitation of solubilized drugs in the small intestine Overview Download a copy of our poster from APS 2014 entitled, 'A rapid in vitro screen method for assessing the potential for precipitation of solubilized drugs in the small intestine.' Download Download Now Date 26 October 2017 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/rapid-formulation-development-and-clinical-testing
Rapid formulation of Abiraterone Acetate | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Human ADME , First-in-Human , Formulation Development AAPS 2016: A Rapid Formulation Development and Clinical Testing Program to evaluate the Pharmacokinetics of a novel enabled formulation of Abiraterone Acetate 26 October 2017 Home Resources AAPS 2016: A Rapid Formulation Development and Clinical Testing Program to evaluate the Pharmacokinetics of a novel enabled formulation of Abiraterone Acetate Overview Download a copy of our poster from AAPS 2016 titled, 'A Rapid Formulation Development and Clinical Testing Program to evaluate the Pharmacokinetics of a novel enabled formulation of Abiraterone Acetate'. Download Download Now Date 26 October 2017 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/strategies-accelerating-development-modified-release-oral-forms
Accelerating Development of MR Oral Forms | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Whitepaper , Drug Substance , Formulation Development Strategies for Accelerating the Development of Modified Release Oral Forms Home Resources Strategies for Accelerating the Development of Modified Release Oral Forms Overview Modified-Release (MR) drug delivery can also have commercial benefits and is prevalent as part of product life-cycle management (LCM). Modest reformulation of an already approved drug from an IR to MR format allows both line and patent extension opportunities and continued market exclusivity. Download Download Now Download Now: Strategies for Accelerating the Development of Modified Release Oral Forms Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/eupfi-2021-development-novel-pediatric-belumosudil-oral-suspension
EuPFI 2021: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Pediatrics , Formulation Development EuPFI 2021: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Home Resources EuPFI 2021: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Overview Download Quotient Sciences' scientific poster entitled, 'EuPFI 2021 - Development of a Novel Paediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension'. Belumosudil, a ROCK2 selective inhibitor, is currently in development for the treatment of immune disorders. A formulation was required suitable for a pediatric patient population aged between three months and twelve years. This development program aimed to develop a suitable, novel belumosudil oral suspension formulation using age-appropriate excipients to be used in a relative bioavailability assessment of the suspension compared to the reference adult tablet formulation. A liquid formulation enables flexible dosing by varying the dose volume according to the age and/or body weight of the patient. Download Download Now Download Now: EuPFI 2021: Development of a Novel Pediatric Belumosudil Oral Suspension Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/accelerating-developing-orphan-drugs-rare-diseases
Accelerating the Development of Orphan Drugs | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Whitepaper , Orphan Rare Diseases , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Formulation Development Accelerating the Developing of Orphan Drugs for Rare Diseases Home Resources Accelerating the Developing of Orphan Drugs for Rare Diseases Overview Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This white paper will discuss four principal CMC challenges for the developers of orphan drugs and the potential solutions that are emerging. Download Download Now Download Now: Accelerating the Developing of Orphan Drugs for Rare Diseases Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/how-do-i-quickly-develop-first-human-fih-dosage-forms-and-avoid-cmc-delays-whilst
How to avoid delays in FIH - CMC - POC | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Formulation Development , First-in-Human How do I quickly develop first-in-human (FIH) dosage forms and avoid CMC delays whilst achieving proof-of-concept (POC)? Home Resources How do I quickly develop first-in-human (FIH) dosage forms and avoid CMC delays whilst achieving proof-of-concept (POC)? Overview Download Quotient Sciences', 'How do I quickly develop first-in-human (FIH) dosage forms and avoid CMC delays whilst achieving proof-of-concept (POC)?'. Our scientific poster includes the following: Choosing the appropriate dosage form for first-in-human/Phase I trials. Pharmacy preparation or GMP manufacturing? Bridging to robust and scalable Phase II drug products. Flexible and adaptive clinical manufacturing strategies for patient trials. Integrating pharmaceutical sciences and clinical testing. Download Download Now Download Now: How do I quickly develop first-in-human (FIH) dosage forms and avoid CMC delays whilst achieving proof-of-concept (POC)? Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/applications-lipid-based-formulations-and-benefits-integrating-manufacturing-and-clinical
Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Formulation Development Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection Home Resources Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection Overview The purpose of this study is to analyze pharmaceutical and clinical data from multiple development programs to understand the drivers and outcomes of selecting and dosing different lipid formulations. Download Download Now Download Now: Applications of Lipid-based Formulations and the Benefits of Integrating Manufacturing and Clinical Testing in Formulation Selection Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/alternative-strategies-development-modified-release-dosage-forms
Alternative Strategies & Modified Release | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Whitepaper , Modified Release , Formulation Development , Translational Pharmaceutics Alternative Strategies for Development of Modified Release Dosage Forms Home Resources Alternative Strategies for Development of Modified Release Dosage Forms Overview Modified-release (MR) formulations are in high demand. For formulators, they enable drugs to be released in the optimal gastrointestinal (GI) locations to achieve and maintain desirable plasma concentrations for extended periods, avoiding undesirable excursions outside the therapeutic range. Download Download Now Download Now: Alternative Strategies for Development of Modified Release Dosage Forms Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-trial-manufacturing
Clinical Trial Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Clinical Trial Manufacturing Tailored to meet the needs of clinical trial design and clinical manufacturing, focused on producing drugs for use in clinical research. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Trial Manufacturing Real-time clinical manufacturing and supply. Loading... Understanding that early-phase clinical testing is a pivotal milestone in the development of your drug product, Quotient Sciences offers clinical trial manufacturing, testing, and certification services designed to meet your individual requirements. We are focused on producing drug product for use in clinical studies Our innovative method of building integrated Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) and Good Clinical Practice (GCP) programs provides a streamlined, flexible approach to drug product supply that reflects your clinical study design and timeline. At a Glance We use a variety of clinical manufacturing approaches to make only the product you need, flexible on demand. This is real-time adaptive manufacturing. Tailor clinical manufacturing, packaging, and clinical trial supplies to reflect your clinical trial design. Improve your clinical trial cost efficiency by reducing drug substance and drug product waste. Leverage our expertise in high-potency handling and manufacturing to make your product on-demand. Move rapidly through clinical trial design and development to have the capability to efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes. Leverage our expertise to move rapidly through clinical trial design What can Quotient Sciences’ clinical trial manufacturing do for me? We understand the time and cost pressures you face during early-phase evaluation and work with you to ensure a rapid, seamless path from development to clinical trial supply. We can help you move rapidly through clinical trial design and development to have built the capability to efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes to meet the demands of global clinical and patient supply requirements. Dosage Forms We offer clinical manufacturing and testing services for all major dosage forms, including: Solutions and suspensions Drug or blend in bottle Drug or blend in capsule Immediate-, sustained-, and modified-release tablets Solubilized formulations, including amorphous (spray-dried and hot melt extrusion [HME]) dispersions, micronized and lipidic formulations Gels, creams, and ointments Delivery Routes We have extensive experience of developing and manufacturing drug products intended for all major routes of delivery: Oral (solid and liquid forms) Inhaled (pulmonary, nasal) Topical Rectal Parenteral Phase I, II, III Clinical Manufacturing We support all aspects of your drug product supply for Phase I, II, and III clinical studies: Manufacture of all major drug product dosage forms in our US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)- and UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)-approved facilities Packaging, including bottles, blisters, and tubs Multi-language label design (including translation) Post-study drug return and reconciliation Randomization and blinding Schedule I–IV controlled substance handling Shipment logistics and supply tracking Storage and distribution capabilities (ambient, refrigerated, and frozen) Supply chain management to the clinical site Aseptic Manufacturing of Parenteral Drug Product We have over 30 years of experience in the development of parenteral drug products, from candidate development to clinical manufacturing via aseptic filtration techniques. To find out more about our aseptic manufacturing capabilities, click the link below. Aseptic Manufacturing Real-Time Adaptive Manufacturing Quotient Sciences' history and expertise in integrating manufacturing with clinical dosing enables us to manufacture, package, and release products in a matter of days or weeks rather than months. Combined with bright-stock and just-in-time (JIT) approaches, we maximize flexibility around batch size and timing supply to your selected site in response to emerging clinical data or patient recruitment — without affecting the availability of your drug product. Global Clinical Trial Supplies Quotient Sciences can ease the headache of global product supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. We’ll develop and manufacture your drug product, then seamlessly integrate a flexible packaging, labeling, and distribution strategy that's tailored to your clinical trial. Clinical Trial Supplies Clinical Trial Manufacturing: What our customers say "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals Clinical Trial Manufacturing Services Find out more about our GMP clinical trial manufacturing services that will meet your supply needs for investigational medicinal product (IMP) or investigational new drugs (IND) for global clinical trials. Aseptic Manufacturing Our innovative approach enables rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration. Learn More Global Clinical Trial Supplies We can facilitate global clinical trial supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. Our clinical trial supply team works with you ... Learn More High Potency APIs (HPAPIs) Handling Our global facilities are configured with the necessary controls required for the handling and processing of highly potent molecules. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/drug-development/accelerate-your-path
Integrated Strategies for Accelerating from Discovery to IND | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrated Strategies for Accelerating from Discovery to IND Learn how Charles River and Quotient Sciences can help you accelerate your path to the clinic. Watch video Loading... Home Solutions What are your goals? Integrated Strategies for Accelerating from Discovery to IND Quotient Sciences and Charles River can help streamline your outsourcing. We know how challenging the early drug development roadmap can be. From discovery to preclinical IND, the uncertainty at this stage is immense. Collaborating with experienced service partners can help in the understanding of critical steps, their timing, and how to mitigate any risks along the way. Bringing over a century of collective experience to your program. Integrated services that help accelerate your path the clinic. Collaboration can help streamline the early drug development process while removing potential hurdles, allowing for a seamless transition from discovery into clinical development. Charles River and Quotient Sciences can help you accelerate your path to the clinic with an integrated offering that bridges molecules from early discovery to clinical proof of concept. In this webinar, learn how our integrated offering can help deliver the results you're looking for in your next program. Watch Webinar A full set of deliverables to get your molecule ready for the clinic. A tight integration of activities streamlines the outsourcing model and improves decision-making, problem-solving, and technology transfer. Combined, Charles River and Quotient Sciences bring to your program more than a century of experience in drug development and knowledge from our work on thousands of molecules across all stages of development. Charles River brings deep expertise in medicinal chemistry, biology, DMPK, early pharmaceutics, and non-clinical safety is coupled with Quotient Sciences' expertise in drug substance synthesis , drug product development and manufacturing, and clinical testing to create a solution under a single program of work. Industry Collaboration Introducing the Charles River and Quotient Sciences Collaboration By: Eleanor Row & Russell Scammell Read Blog Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-trial-manufacturing/high-potency-api-manufacturing
High Potency APIs (HPAPIs) Handling and Manufacturing | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact High Potency APIs (HPAPIs) Handling & Manufacturing From preclinical to small-scale commercial manufacturing, we have specialist facilities and expertise in handling highly potent compounds and controlled substances. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Trial Manufacturing High Potency APIs (HPAPIs) Handling and Manufacturing Enhancing the clinical potential of highly potent APIs. Today, more drugs in development than ever are classed as highly potent. With over 30 years of experience in small molecule drug development, Quotient Sciences possesses the expertise to overcome the challenges that arise with HPAPI handling. Download Info Sheet Highly Potent APIs at Quotient Sciences High Potency APIs are increasingly challenging Highly potent active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs) are becoming increasingly common in drug development pipelines, especially in oncology research, cancer treatments, and other targeted therapies with greater selectivity and pharmacological activity. Highly potent active pharmaceutical ingredients (HPAPIs) present additional CMC challenges due to the containment requirements to protect both the operators and manufacturing facilities. Their production processes may also require greater precision and control due to the very small quantities of drug present in the final dosage form. A flexible, tailored approach to highly potent API manufacturing at state-of-the-art facilities From early development through to commercial manufacturing and supply, we look to tailor and maximize the success of our customers’ HPAPI programs. With that in mind, we have heavily invested in specialized facilities in both the UK and US to provide the necessary containment, engineering controls and personnel protection needed to safely handle these types of compounds and to prevent cross-contamination. Our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities have undergone multiple EH&S safety audits to ensure that they meet cGMP compliance standards and have been inspected by several major global regulatory agencies. Our risk management program includes ongoing environmental health monitoring and surrogate monitoring to ensure consistent control over our processes, facilities, cleaning procedures, and SOP’s. Read a recent blog featuring our EH&S experts, who discuss our approach to handling HPAPIs. Read Blog High Potency Handling Capabilities & Support We offer a broad range of development and manufacturing services for HPAPIs from Preclinical through Phase III/Commercial Manufacturing: API Characterization and Pre-formulation Development Formulation Screening and Development Stability Storage and Testing Services (ICH Storage Conditions) Clinical Trial Manufacturing and QC Release (GMP) Analytical Method Development Clinical Supplies Packaging and Global Distribution Commercial Product Manufacture Development and Manufacturing of Intermediates and Finished Drug Products Containing HPAPIs with OELs as low as 0.001 µg/m³ API Classification In order to protect the integrity of the drug product, as well as the safety of the environment and our colleagues, we evaluate the potency of an API, by following the guidelines established by the Performance-Based-Level of Exposure Classification (PBLEC) system. A compound’s categorization is risk-based and takes into consideration the safety/toxicology data available, which could be limited in the early stages of development, and aligns it with the appropriate occupational exposure range. At our global facilities, we are able to handle PBLEC levels 1 through to 5 dependent upon the type of compound, dosage form, manufacturing process and batch size required. A Global HPAPI Development and Manufacturing Our global facilities offer an end-to-end development solution from early phase formulation screening through clinical and commercial manufacturing. Contact Us Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/navigating-small-molecule-cmc-pathway
Navigating the Small Molecule CMC Pathway | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact On-Demand Webinar , Drug Substance , Drug Product Optimization , Formulation Development Navigating the Small Molecule CMC Pathway 19 January 2023 Home Resources Navigating the Small Molecule CMC Pathway Overview Learn about drug substance and formulation considerations that can help improve downstream clinical outcomes. Navigating the small molecule CMC pathway from discovery to the clinic comes with challenges and regulatory hurdles. Once the lead candidate has been selected to move into development, what’s next? With the stakes high, having trusted and experienced guidance at this stage can help streamline the pathway from discovery to IND, reduce risk, and improve the likelihood of clinical success. Consulting group NGT BioPharm Consultants and Quotient Sciences has helped hundreds of customers achieve their IND milestones and beyond. Presentation Overview Bridging from discovery and clinical development can present many questions and unknown challenges for drug developers, such as: What are some of the drug substance, drug product, and clinical supply considerations in advancing a drug candidate toward a First-in-Human study? Would an integrated drug substance and drug development approach be best for a clinical program? How long does each critical step take before reaching the clinic? What regulatory considerations does one need to be aware of? By offering strategic guidance and integrated services spanning the entire development pathway, both companies have supported programs with lead candidate selection, drug substance, drug development, biopharmaceutics, clinical and regulatory services, all focused on accelerating development and expediting strategies to address regulatory expectations toward clinical development. Our featured speakers share their expertise around the challenges and considerations that drug developers may face in early development, and present case studies that demonstrate the benefits of an integrated drug substance and drug product approach. Get insight into the timeline for each stage of the development process Hear the benefits of an integrated approach to accelerate from candidate selection and onward into the clinic Learn about regulatory challenges to be aware of when bridging from candidate selection to IND and beyond Featured Speakers Eleanor Row, Executive Director, Quotient Sciences Mark A. Krook, Head, Early Development, NGT BioPharma Consultants Roger Nosal, Head of Regulatory Strategy, NGT BioPharma Consultants Watch Watch Now Watch Now: Navigating the Small Molecule CMC Pathway Date 19 January 2023 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/clinical-manufacturing-what-it-is-how-it-works-faqs-by-drug-developers
Clinical Manufacturing: What It Is, How It Works & FAQs | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Clinical Manufacturing: What it is, how it works & FAQs from drug developers Clinical Trial Manufacturing Clinical Manufacturing: What it is, how it works & FAQs from drug developers By: Kieran Edwards As drug developers approach the pivotal milestone of starting their early-phase first-in-human clinical trial, they must be aware of the possible challenges that can arise when preparing for clinical manufacturing of their investigational medicinal product (IMP). Clinical manufacturing and supplying the right quantities of the IMP at the right time and maintaining high quality and safety standards are crucial to maximizing the likelihood of a successful clinical trial. This requires specific expertise, state-of-the-art facilities and equipment, careful planning, and a great deal of flexibility. At Quotient Sciences, we partner with our customers to provide a streamlined approach to clinical manufacturing and supply that reflects their clinical study design and timeline. Using a variety of manufacturing approaches, we make only the product our customers need, in a flexible and on-demand manner. Each manufacturing program is bespoke and tailored to meet the unique program needs and goals of the customer in order to improve cost efficiency by reducing drug substance and drug product waste. With expertise in both non-potent and high-potency manufacturing, we help our customers move rapidly through clinical development. With the capability to efficiently scale up to meet the demands of later clinical trial requirements, we ensure a seamless transition to larger-scale manufacturing and commercialization. In this article, Kieran Edwards, Head of Manufacturing at Quotient Sciences, answers some frequently asked questions about clinical manufacturing. What is clinical manufacturing, and how does it differ from commercial manufacturing? Clinical manufacturing, also known as clinical trial material (CTM) manufacturing, is the process of turning an investigational material/active ingredient into an IMP, for dosing within a Phase I, II, or III clinical trial setting. Typically, commercial manufacturing (post-Phase III) batches are larger in scale to create drug products for the market. In contrast, clinical manufacturing is typically a small-scale, unique process, which may only need to be performed once. Vast flexibility is required, something which we excel at in Quotient Sciences, as there are many unknowns around the IMP and the scope of a project can change in an instant. What are the regulatory guidelines for clinical manufacturing, and how do you comply with them to ensure safety and quality? All clinical manufacturers must conform to current Good Manufacturing Practice (cGMP) guidelines and work in line with the regulatory authority in which the IMP will be dosed. These guidelines cover all aspects of the manufacturing process, from development to making, testing, and shipping a product. To maintain quality, at Quotient Sciences, we have quality management systems (QMSs), including policies, processes, and procedures, as well as teams of highly skilled workers focused on continually improving and adhering to the latest regulatory guidelines. Both safety and quality are built into the Quotient Sciences culture and systems by design. Quotient Sciences provides comprehensive training for personnel, performs numerous assessments and observations, and utilizes the latest flexible containment measures in order to protect both the employees and facilities, to highlight just a few areas. How should you plan ahead for clinical manufacturing? At the point that a project is signed, we will instantly start thinking forward to the clinical manufacturing and dosing requirements. At Quotient Sciences, multiskilled personnel are assigned lead roles to allow a collaborative approach for study deliverables. Early on in a project, identification is required for novel excipients and equipment, which will allow the correct routes of onboarding to be implemented. Any process that requires significant technical input will have the development and manufacturing teams working closely in tandem. For clinical batches, we are expected to create and assign a study box with all required materials that is based on the bill of materials generated from the formulation development work. These will have to be fully released through the Quotient Sciences systems, with enough quantity and expiry to last the entirety of the study. Study-specific paperwork is also generated in parallel, based on all the information and knowledge gained from the process up to that point. What are the benefits of integrating real-time adaptive clinical manufacturing with formulation development and clinical testing? The main benefit is the reduction in the time taken to get a drug product through development and into a clinical trial, ultimately providing a major cost saving for the customer. The knowledge of the entire drug development process is all kept in-house, streamlined by a team of collaborative colleagues continually engaged to deliver a quality product and meet study deliverables. This is best demonstrated by Quotient Sciences’ unique Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform, which integrates drug substance synthesis, drug product design and manufacturing, and clinical testing all within a single organization and a single program manager. Our history and expertise in integrating real-time adaptive manufacturing with clinical dosing enable us to manufacture, package, and release products in a matter of days or weeks rather than months. This means that we can maximize flexibility around the batch size and timing supply to the clinic in response to emerging clinical data, accelerating clinical development timelines. What are the unique challenges of clinical manufacturing for global patient studies, and how do you overcome them? Clinical manufacturing for both onsite and global dosing will have common challenges dependent on the process required. However, for global studies, the unique challenges typically relate to the packaging and shipment of the products. Importation challenges into different territories: The team at Quotient Sciences keep up to date with any new shipping regulations/requirements by working with our approved couriers. During the start-up for each study, this topic is discussed with the customer so that any applications for import licenses or setting up of brokerage services into the specific territory can be made in advance, prior to any shipments. Lead times between request to manufacture and patient dosing dates can vary, with challenges arising when this window is short: It is important to understand the clinical study protocols, assess the particular study design, and discuss this with the customer to get a robust process in place for clinical sites to request drug product within a specified window prior to dosing. Additionally, it is important to take into account the location of the clinical trial, so that shipping timelines can be factored into this window as well as the product's shelf-life. Shipping lead times: Specific shipping lanes to each territory will be determined at the start of the study. Shipments into the EU will go through our third party based in Ireland for Qualified Person (QP) release, which means that lead times into the EU are longer than they were previously before Brexit. However, our strong relationship with our third party provides a very efficient service, which is routinely undertaken. For any territory that is 'new' to Quotient Sciences, a shipping study will be considered on a case-by-case basis. When shipping to the US, you need to consider whether the IMP is 100% synthetic or whether it contains any animal-derived products. For example, you would have to apply for a gelatin permit to be able to import gelatin capsules into the US. In addition, the FDA can review any shipment when clearing customs and hold it for up to 3 days without disclosing a reason for the review, so you need to factor that into project timelines. The specific formulation of the drug product: For example, oral solutions contained in glass bottles that need to be shipped to a long-haul destination may warrant a shipping study to be performed to ensure that the product does not leak or to ensure that the pressure from air freight does not have an effect on the product. Similarly, any product that is deemed fragile will undergo a shipping study to ensure that the intended packing configuration provides the appropriate protection. Radioactive or dangerous goods products: These are reviewed on a case-by-case basis depending on the desired territory. We will have a discussion and plan for this with the courier and customer at the start of the study to assess any specific requirements. Controlled temperature conditions: High and low excursions outside of the specified storage conditions can be overcome by utilizing approved vendors, with shipping containers that are validated to cover the anticipated shipment period and conditions. Temperature monitoring devices are used as standard. At Quotient Sciences, we use approved couriers, who are responsible for maintaining those conditions during transit by replacing ice/gel packs in the shipping containers or ensuring storage in controlled conditions. We have a specialized team that is dedicated to the management and shipment of supplies for global patient studies. They ensure clinical supplies are prepared and distributed globally and that there is a continuous supply of clinical trial material for all ongoing studies and projects. Meet the author: Kieran Edwards Share: More from our experts More Blogs Clinical Trial Manufacturing Clinical Manufacturing: What it is, how it works & FAQs from drug developers By: Kieran Edwards Read More High Potency APIs, Clinical Trial Manufacturing Strategies for the Development and Manufacture of Highly Potent Compounds By: Catherine Wilkes & Robert Alfred Read More Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Clinical Trial Supplies Getting product to the right patient at the right time: Flexible, on-demand product manufacturing and clinical trial supplies By: Nick McEntee Read More More Blogs Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/getting-your-product-right-patient-right-time-flexible-demand-product-manufacturing-and-clinical-trial-supplies
Product Manufacturing & Clinical Trial Supplies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog Getting product to the right patient at the right time: Flexible, on-demand product manufacturing and clinical trial supplies Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Clinical Trial Supplies Getting product to the right patient at the right time: Flexible, on-demand product manufacturing and clinical trial supplies By: Nick McEntee In 2013, Quotient Sciences started working with a client that was developing a medicine for children with a rare genetic disorder linked to progressive debilitating liver disease. Children suffering from this illness often experience severe pruritus’ (severe Itching), leading to major disruption of sleep patterns and poor quality of life. In some of the most severe cases, children could be known to itch so much that they caused intense skin bleeding and it was not uncommon for parents/caregivers to have to change their bedding 2-3 times a night. As you can well imagine this caused a lot of stress for parents as well as a very high level of discomfort and anxiety for the child themselves. Quotient Sciences was tasked with manufacturing an oral solution on a “real-time” basis to support the Phase II patient trials to try to demonstrate proof-of-concept for the molecule. While working on this program, I received a phone call from a Study Coordinator at Birmingham Children’s Hospital, which was one of the clinical sites enrolling patients for the trial. With tears of joy, she shared with me that the parents of a 12-month-old child being treated shared the news that the child`s sleep patterns had improved so much that they had now started to sleep throughout the night- without any signs of itching, discomfort, or bleeding. The family’s quality of life had simply “shot through the roof”. It was that conversation that reminded me why we do what we do at Quotient Sciences. Quotient Sciences has developed a wide breadth of knowledge and expertise in the provision of drug product manufacturing and supply chain solutions globally for customers over 30+ years. Our focus has always been on helping our customers get the right product to the right patient at the right time, no matter what it takes. We are acutely aware of the sporadic nature of patient recruitment across multiple study sites in multiple territories and, as such, have developed a flexible adaptive approach to drug product supply provision. Over the years, we have listened to and found solutions to our customer’s clinical supply needs and, as such, specialize in tailoring product configurations to meet both patient and flexible program needs. This can be summarized simply in Figure 1 below. Personalized "Real-time" Manufacturing Brite=Stock Manufacturing Traditional Batch Manufacturing Batch Size Small Large Large Dose Flexibility High Medium Low Labelling/Shipping Per patient/country Per patient/country Bulk Product Shelf-life stability Short-term Long-term Long-term API Consumption Low Low High Product Overage/Waste Low Low High Cost Low Low High These tailored solutions are one of our differentiators in the marketplace and add tremendous value to customers and patients alike. As well as traditional large batch manufacturing, Quotient Sciences has developed alternative strategies to offer more flexible manufacturing solutions for customers. This includes brite-stock manufacturing and personalized “real-time” manufacturing, packaging, and distribution to offer more patient-centric clinical trial supplies . Ensuring the product is only manufactured, packaged, and distributed when it is required, allows for: Greater management and control of CMC cost investments Avoids upfront stockpiling of drug products Avoids waste of precious API and Drug Product Offers dose flexibility to meet Patient and Program needs To date, we have utilized this approach in the provision of over 2500 clinical drug product shipments, across 20+ countries in global territories and have directly provided drug product to 160+ clinical centers for onward patient provision. It is through this breadth of knowledge, listening to, and acting on, our clients changing needs, and “living the experience” that we feel we can really help the clients find their way through the maze that is global clinical supplies. “But surely it’s as simple as getting product from A to B”… If only it was that simple! We have supported many clients over the years with this exact conundrum. Many of our clients, from small biotechs through to large traditional “Big Pharma” have historically put a lot of emphasis on the development of a drug product concept and less so on the actual delivery of the subsequent manufactured product. Anyone who has tried to ship Drug Product, or any other commodities for that matter, across differing borders, territories, and countries will know of the many “trip-wires” and challenges faced in ensuring the product arrives where it should, when it should, and without its integrity being compromised. Quotient Sciences has the experience and capabilities to overcome such challenges and take the “headache away from the client” - managing everything from the actual distribution of products using specialist courier services, to handling local rules and regulations, to translating documentation, through to managing import and export licensing. Furthermore, by truly understanding clinical trials, regulations, and the clinical trial design, we offer the following: Expert consultancy to define optimized clinical trials supply and logistics strategies, (where we will live and breathe the clinical protocol and study design alongside the customer); Support and advice on the Randomization and Trial Supply Management [RTSM] system built with respect to drug product provision (how do I order my products to ensure they get to the clinical site on time?); Reduced administrative burden with a single provider under a single contract (avoid those “headaches” created by a multi-vendor approach with additional layers of complexity); Defining and designing robust packaging solutions to ensure product integrity through a thorough understanding of intended shipping routes, storage requirements, clinical design, and mode of administration for patients (it will either be a shipping lane we know well or if not we know who to ask); Annex 13 compliant and 21 CFR Part 11 compliant label design services; Label and Packaging Translation services; Preparation of global distribution shipping documentation to help in the seamless dispatch of products to help avoid unnecessary delays at the port of entry; Provision of shipping studies to “De-risk” subsequent Real-time drug product supply. Our internal cross-functional operational teams from Pharmaceutical Sciences, Quality Assurance, Project Management, and Regulatory Affairs ensure all aspects of delivery are considered and factored into any devised strategy. This, along with our unswerving belief in ensuring ideas need to become solutions and that molecules need to become cures, fast, means that we focus and specialize in getting products to the right patient at the right time. Meet the author: Nick McEntee Share: Latest blogs Clinical Trial Manufacturing Clinical Manufacturing: What it is, how it works & FAQs from drug developers By: Kieran Edwards Learn more High Potency APIs, Clinical Trial Manufacturing Strategies for the Development and Manufacture of Highly Potent Compounds By: Catherine Wilkes & Robert Alfred Learn more Clinical Trial Manufacturing, Clinical Trial Supplies Getting product to the right patient at the right time: Flexible, on-demand product manufacturing and clinical trial supplies By: Nick McEntee Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/solutions/oncology
Oncology CRO:CDMO Services & Solutions | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Oncology How can I accelerate the development of my oncology drug candidate? Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home Solutions Oncology Leverage a smarter strategy for optimizing oncology drug products. Loading... The World Cancer Research Fund International estimated that there were 18.1 million cancer cases around the world as of 2020, impacting men and women almost equally. Early identification, prevention, and treatment of cancer remain critical global health challenges. Our aim is to help you push the boundaries of scientific knowledge, working alongside you to transform oncology medicines and make an impact for those in need. Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection through to commercial manufacture and supply The majority of new oncology drugs in development face formulation challenges. Our extensive formulation development expertise coupled with our agile and flexible approach to clinical and commercial manufacturing makes us the ideal partner to provide an end-to-end solution for the development of oncology drug products. In the past 5 years alone, we have worked on over 400 oncology development projects for 91 different oncology drug candidates and 34 different disease indications. A range of oncology drug development services and expertise We offer tailored services that span across—and within—areas of drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing and manufacturing. This means that we can support your program from end-to-end, up to the commercial supply of your drug, to simplify your outsourcing while saving time and money. Connect with us today to learn how we can help support the drug development and manufacturing needs of your oncology program. Download Whitepaper Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Read More Our strategy to help you bring new oncology treatments to market, fast. 1\. Preformulation assessment and formulation development At Quotient Sciences, we emphasize the importance of data-driven decisions in early development. We prioritize the key API characterization data required, which allows our scientific experts to recommend the selection of the appropriate API form as well as inform a data-driven strategy for preclinical and clinical pharmaceutical development based on the Developability Classification System (DCS). With unparalleled biopharmaceutical experience, we factor in and anticipate clinical considerations as well as the in vitro performance of pharmaceutical formulations. Early laboratory prototyping is performed on bench-scale equipment, which mirrors both small-scale and mid-to-large-scale GMP manufacturing, to de-risk process scale-up and development should the molecule achieve its early clinical endpoints. 2\. Clinical development and accelerating to proof-of-concept (POC) Our experts provide the full spectrum of manufacturing and supply paradigms, from traditional large batch manufacturing, through bright stock distribution and personalized manufacturing. There are compelling drivers for small batch sizes, such as conservation of API, and dose flexibility to meet individual subject needs and reduced stability needs. Fundamentally, with personalized manufacturing, the product is made on-demand, only when needed based on patient requirements. Overall, this alternative approach offers a reduction in waste and cost, while maximizing the potential for clinical success. 3\. Formulation optimization and validation of product performance in humans We have demonstrated that formulation flexibility in healthy volunteer trials can be used to develop 'patient-ready' formulations for oncology molecules in less than half the time of the industry standard. This is accomplished by the close integration of real-time manufacturing and clinical testing, also known as Translational Pharmaceutics, which uses a 14-day 'make-test' cycle, enabling formulation decisions to be made based on emerging human data. 4\. Process development, scale-up and clinical manufacturing for Phase II/III Recognizing the need to move rapidly through clinical development, we can efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes from Phase I to meet the demands of later clinical trial requirements and ensure a seamless transition to larger-scale manufacturing and drug product commercialization. 5\. Commercial manufacturing and supply We work with our customers to configure a robust manufacturing and supply chain to meet their needs. We continue to invest in small-scale commercial equipment to broaden the technologies and product formats available and ensure seamless continuity throughout the development life cycle. We can accelerate development programs through registration and process validation and our manufacturing facilities support batch sizes ranging from less than 1 kg to over 500 kg for solid oral dosage forms and up to 350 L for liquid formats. Whether you are preparing for ANDA, NDA, MAA, or Japanese NDA, Quotient Sciences has the expertise and regulatory approval to manufacture your registration and validation batches for the U.S., U.K., Europe, and Japan. Our expert team also has significant experience in supporting 505(b)(2) and all post-approval change filings. Ask the experts Consult our scientific panel Meet Our Team What our customers have to say Read real testimonials from our customers about their experiences bringing their oncology drug programs to us. "Quotient Sciences' has been a great partner to work with. Their project management was top-notch and costs remained within budget throughout our collaboration. Their scheduling and execution have been impeccable; the program has run like clockwork. As a client, you can’t really ask for more!" Dr. Ofir Moreno Vice President , MEI Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology "Quotient Sciences' has been a great partner to work with. Their project management was top-notch and costs remained within budget throughout our collaboration. Their scheduling and execution have been impeccable; the program has run like clockwork. As a client, you can’t really ask for more!" Dr. Ofir Moreno Vice President , MEI Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology "Quotient Sciences' has been a great partner to work with. Their project management was top-notch and costs remained within budget throughout our collaboration. Their scheduling and execution have been impeccable; the program has run like clockwork. As a client, you can’t really ask for more!" Dr. Ofir Moreno Vice President , MEI Pharma "Quotient Sciences is an honest and straightforward company with a very progressive attitude... What makes them unique is the way in which the pharmaceutical products are made on-site and transferred, without leaving the building, to the clinical unit and a good, large, and reliable pool of healthy volunteers." Gillian C. Ivers-Read Former Executive Vice President , Clovis Oncology Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/integrated-radiolabelled-study-determine-mass-balance-metabolite-profile-and
An integrated radiolabelled study to determine the mass balance, metabolite profile and identification, and absolute bioavailability of nolasiban in healthy female subjects | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , First-in-Human An integrated radiolabelled study to determine the mass balance, metabolite profile and identification, and absolute bioavailability of nolasiban in healthy female subjects 22 December 2021 Home Resources An integrated radiolabelled study to determine the mass balance, metabolite profile and identification, and absolute bioavailability of nolasiban in healthy female subjects Overview Nolasiban is an orally active oxytocin receptor antagonist under development by ObsEva S.A to enhance the receptivity of the endometrium to embryo implantation. As part of the development program an open-labelled, two-part radiolabelled study was performed in female subjects. The study assessed the absorption and disposition of nolasiban after oral and intravenous (IV) administrations and enabled the determination of mass balance, routes and rates of excretion and metabolism, and absolute bioavailability. Download Download Now Date 22 December 2021 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/drug-product
Drug Product Development & Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Drug Product Development & Manufacturing Science-first, we provide individually tailored or integrated drug product services from formulation development to clinical trial manufacturing and commercial production. Contact Us Home Drug Product An experienced, flexible drug product development and manufacturing partner. Drug product development and optimization can be challenging due to the increasing complexity of biotherapeutics and the changing regulatory landscape slowing it down. Quotient Sciences' partner with you to bring life-changing medicines to patients, fast. At Quotient Sciences, we have over 30 years of expertise in a wide range of drug product services for all common dosage forms Quotient Sciences' expertise and integrated capabilities can take your molecule through discovery, pre-formulation and formulation activities, through to the manufacture of clinical trial materials. We help you bring your product to market as quickly as possible through our breadth of services and expertise. We streamline the transition from pre-formulation to clinical, and commercial supply. We are also experienced in analytical services for all phases of drug product development and commercial manufacture and also offer a unique delivery platform called Translational Pharmaceutics® . This is a trusted and proven platform, launched in 2008, that can shorten drug development times by more than 12 months. At a Glance 1\. Preformulation assessment and formulation development At Quotient Sciences, we emphasize the importance of data-driven decisions in early development. We prioritize the key API characterization data required, which allows our scientific experts to recommend the selection of the appropriate API form as well as inform a data-driven strategy for preclinical and clinical pharmaceutical development based on the Developability Classification System (DCS). With unparalleled biopharmaceutical experience, we factor in and anticipate clinical considerations as well as the in vitro performance of pharmaceutical formulations. Early laboratory prototyping is performed on bench-scale equipment, which mirrors both small-scale and mid-to-large-scale GMP manufacturing, to de-risk process scale-up and development should the molecule achieve its early clinical endpoints. 2\. Clinical development and accelerating to proof-of-concept (POC) Our experts provide the full spectrum of manufacturing and supply paradigms, from traditional large batch manufacturing, through bright stock distribution and personalized manufacturing. There are compelling drivers for small batch sizes, such as conservation of API, and dose flexibility to meet individual subject needs and reduced stability needs. Fundamentally, with personalized manufacturing, the product is made on-demand, only when needed based on patient requirements. Overall, this alternative approach offers a reduction in waste and cost, while maximizing the potential for clinical success. 3\. Formulation optimization and validation of product performance in humans We have demonstrated that formulation flexibility in healthy volunteer trials can be used to develop 'patient-ready' formulations for oncology molecules in less than half the time of the industry standard. This is accomplished by the close integration of real-time manufacturing and clinical testing, also known as Translational Pharmaceutics, which uses a 14-day 'make-test' cycle, enabling formulation decisions to be made based on emerging human data. 4\. Process development, scale-up and clinical manufacturing for Phase II/III Recognizing the need to move rapidly through clinical development, we can efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes from Phase I to meet the demands of later clinical trial requirements and ensure a seamless transition to larger-scale manufacturing and drug product commercialization. 5\. Commercial manufacturing and supply We work with our customers to configure a robust manufacturing and supply chain to meet their needs. We continue to invest in small-scale commercial equipment to broaden the technologies and product formats available and ensure seamless continuity throughout the development life cycle. We can accelerate development programs through registration and process validation and our manufacturing facilities support batch sizes ranging from less than 1 kg to over 500 kg for solid oral dosage forms and up to 350 L for liquid formats. Whether you are preparing for ANDA, NDA, MAA, or Japanese NDA, Quotient Sciences has the expertise and regulatory approval to manufacture your registration and validation batches for the U.S., U.K., Europe, and Japan. Our expert team also has significant experience in supporting 505(b)(2) and all post-approval change filings. Drug Product Services Formulation Development We have over 30 years of experience in formulation development services for small molecules and synthetic peptides. We create simple and complex dosag... Learn More Clinical Trial Manufacturing Tailored to meet the needs of clinical trial design and clinical manufacturing, focused on producing drugs for use in clinical research. Learn More Commercial Manufacturing Quotient Sciences manufactures a range of simple to complex dosage forms, with a track record of working with higher-value products that may require l... Learn More Global Clinical Trial Supplies We can facilitate global clinical trial supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. Our clinical trial supply team works with you ... Learn More Drug Product Development and Manufacturing At Quotient Sciences we diligently accelerate your candidate through the drug product development pathway, quickly and safely. Whether you are looking for the development of a preclinical formulation or the manufacture of clinical trial material, our drug product experts are on-hand to collaborate with you. Together we make sure that you meet your molecule’s milestones promptly, solving problems, saving time and overcoming the most complex development challenges. Our Manifesto Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Formulation Development Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/blog/benefits-phase-i-healthy-volunteer-trials-oncology-drug-development
Phase I Oncology Trials | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home Blog The application and benefits of Phase I healthy volunteer trials to accelerate oncology drug development Oncology , Phase 1 Trials , Healthy Volunteer Trials The application and benefits of Phase I healthy volunteer trials to accelerate oncology drug development For most compounds, the route from preclinical to clinical is clear. A comprehensive safety preclinical toxicology package is generated; the data from that package is then used to design the first-in-human (FIH) study in a healthy volunteer panel. This Phase I study will test the safety and tolerability of the compound, as well as its pharmacokinetics in single, and multiple ascending doses. The data study from the Phase I study provides the springboard for the rest of the drug development program. The route for oncology compounds, however, can be somewhat different. Traditionally drugs that have oncology indications have poor safety and tolerability profiles, to the point that dosing them in healthy volunteers presents too much risk, and could be considered unethical. This coupled with the vast unmet patient need for effective oncology treatments means that the FIH study changes from dosing healthy volunteers to dosing directly in patients. The benefits from this strategy are plain to see; preliminary efficacy data far earlier than the traditional route, safety and tolerability assessments which are directly relevant to the expected patient group, and giving patients earlier access to new treatments. Regulatory agencies require a reduced preclinical data package for straight-to-patient studies compared to the healthy volunteer route for oncology drugs, saving the drug developer time and cost. Equally, however, there are also acknowledged challenges with performing Phase I trials (of any type) in a patient population. Subjects involved in these studies are cancer patients for which there is no current efficacious treatment available to them. This often means there are severe co-morbidities that can cloud the safety profile of the new test products. The disease state of these subjects also brings with it inherent variability into the drug’s pharmacokinetics, often due to hepatic or renal impairment. This further complicates assessments of safety, tolerability, and efficacy because the exposure of the compound from subject to subject can vary significantly. Furthermore, the recruitment and conduct can be logistically challenging, and could require multiple sites and a much longer study duration than a traditional Phase I study in healthy volunteers. In recent years, there has been a paradigm shift as drug discovery has improved. This has led to a generation of oncology-targeted molecules that are more specific, and rely less heavily on general cytotoxicity. These new-generation molecules, known as molecularly targeted agents (MTA) usually have a favorable safety profile, which can make them suitable for dosing in healthy volunteer studies. There are significant, tangible benefits for studying oncology molecules in healthy volunteer studies, for example: Less variability within the population By their nature, healthy volunteers have more consistent physiology specifically regarding clearance routes, leading to less variable pharmacokinetic data The absence of co-morbidities makes assessing drug-related adverse events clearer Logistically less challenging Studies in healthy volunteers can be run at any Phase I clinic with experience translating oncology molecules into healthy volunteers Studies can usually be conducted at a single site Healthy volunteers are ubiquitous to the general population, leading to a simpler and often quicker recruitment In combination, therefore, where safety allows, there can be compelling drivers for the use of healthy volunteer trials in the development of oncology molecules. In the past 5 years at Quotient we have performed over 50 Phase I studies of various types to reduce the time and cost of the development of oncology molecules. Examples have included: FIH studies where a molecule has presented significant biopharmaceutic challenges and formulation selection to ensure adequate bioavailability have been uncertain Relative bioavailability studies to optimize formulation compositions that were previously dosed only in oncology patients A full spectrum of regulatory clinical pharmacology studies including food effect, 14C ADME, and DDIs Getting preliminary information on efficacy as early as possible is of significant importance to oncology compounds in order to ensure that any patients taking the compound are not being exposed to ineffective or sub-therapeutic levels of the drug. With a healthy volunteer study, this understandably becomes more difficult, but not impossible. Healthy volunteer studies can still deliver meaningful pharmacodynamic data. An understanding of the pharmacology of the drug can allow for the use of clinically relevant biomarkers, for example in the following paper: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0149291818304272 , inhibition of basophil activation was used as a substitute marker for efficacy for a drug which targeted the PI3K delta pathway, and the data generated from this study helped to inform on the recommended Phase II dose. Unlike other indications, translating an oncology molecule into a healthy volunteer study has a unique set of challenges, which is especially true for FIH studies. A medical review of the safety data will be required to assess whether the drug is suitable for healthy volunteer studies, following which a gap analysis of the preclinical safety package needs to identify if the regulatory agencies will require additional studies beyond what would be expected for a direct-to-patient route. While the majority of the oncology development industry is still geared towards patient studies, traction is slowly building to align with other indications, and the use of healthy volunteers for the Phase I drug development program. Contact us to find out more about our latest oncology drug development updates. Share: Latest blogs Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, Dr. Paul Quigley Insight from our experts: How Translational Pharmaceutics accelerates oncology clinical trials By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Oncology, Translational Pharmaceutics, John McDermott A Smarter Strategy for Optimizing Oncology Drug Products By: John McDermott Learn more Oncology, Phase 1 Trials, Healthy Volunteer Trials The application and benefits of Phase I healthy volunteer trials to accelerate oncology drug development Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/gamma-scintigraphy
Gamma Scintigraphy Formulation | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Gamma Scintigraphy Imaging How do I design and conduct my scintigraphic studies? Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Gamma Scintigraphy Early-stage evaluation of drug delivery systems in vivo, in real time. Gamma scintigraphy is a proven imaging technique used to visualize the in vivo performance of pharmaceutical dosage forms. Quotient Sciences have over 30 years’ experience in the design, conduct and reporting of scintigraphic studies. Real-time observation of clinical performance We can help you understand the impact of formulation composition, patient factors and human physiology on clinical outcomes. Low levels of a gamma-emitting isotope are included in the formulation during product manufacture to allow real-time observation of clinical performance following dosing in human subjects. Key applications include: oral and inhaled drug delivery Oral drug product performance: Assessment and optimization of modified release dosage forms, including delayed, sustained, pulsatile and gastroretentive modalities Quantification of the rate and anatomical sites of tablet erosion Correlation of formulation performance with pharmacokinetic measurements Formulation optimization for targeted GI drug delivery and local disease treatment Understanding the impact of food on formulation performance Evaluating formulation for local disease treatment Inhaled drug product performance: Assessment and optimization of nasal and pulmonary drug products Understanding the impact of formulation, device and patient factors on in vivo deposition Targeting drug delivery for local or systemic disease treatment Comparing the clinical performance of different devices and products Gamma scintigraphy is also used to study the pharmacodynamics of new chemical entities Concomitant administration of radiolabelled food or placebo systems with clinical formulations can allow the observation and quantification of pharmacological effects. Examples include: Quantification of the rate of gastric emptying, and small intestinal and colon transit; Assessment of gall bladder emptying; Measurement of lung mucociliary clearance Gamma scintigraphic assessments can be included with a standard Phase I clinical protocol, and combined with standard safety, pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic endpoints. Statistics, Pharmacokinetics and Scintigraphics Our scintigraphic analysts provide expert review and interpretation of scintigraphic data, providing both qualitative and quantitative analysis of drug product performance and pharmacodynamic effects during a study. We have designed, delivered and reported >100 scintigraphy studies across a range of drug products. Data Sciences Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/node/internal%3A/node/693
Page Not Found | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact 404\. Page not found. The page you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable. Go Home Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/formulation-development/modified-release
Modified Release Formulation Development Formulation Development | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Modified Release Formulation Development Optimize your modified-release formulations. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Formulation Development Modified Release Formulation Development Get expert support for your modified-release programs. Loading... Although modified-release (MR) formulations offer many therapeutic benefits, there are many challenges to overcome when trying to develop this type of formulation. Quotient Sciences has the expertise to help develop your modified-release form, with the insight to support even the most challenging modified-release programs. Download Info Sheet Rising to the challenge of MR formulations The popularity of modified-release (MR) dosage forms continues to rise due to the many therapeutic benefits that they offer for both drug developers and patients. Oral MR formulations are designed to control the rate and/or location of drug release in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. In contrast to immediate-release (IR) formulations, MR dosage forms can offer: maintenance of drug plasma concentrations over a prolonged period to reduce dosing frequency attenuation of drug peak-to-trough ratios to reduce peak-related adverse events (AEs) and improve efficacy drug delivery to targeted regions of the GI tract for localized treatment. Extensive formulation expertise in an end-to-end solution At Quotient Sciences, we have supported more than 100 MR development programs over the past decade across a wide variety of therapeutic areas. We have designed modified-release formulations in gastro-retention, sustained-release, pulsatile-release and other formats. Our extensive background in formulation, along with our agile and flexible approach to clinical and commercial manufacturing, makes us the ideal partner in the development of the development of your MR drug products. More insight about modified-release formats: Modified-release format Objective Formulation technology Gastro-retention Keep the formulation in the stomach for an extended period to maximize the duration of absorption or therapeutic activity Swellable tablets (monolithic, bilayer, trilayer) Gastro-resistant Prevent release of the drug in the stomach and/or upper gastrointestinal (GI) tract Overcome first-pass metabolism or gastric irritation Enteric-coated tablets or capsules Sustained or extended release Extend the in-vivo release profile of the drug or enable once-daily dosing Matrix tablets, coated tablets, or multiparticulates Targeted or controlled delivery Release the drug at or near the intended site of absorption or action Have either immediate-release or extended-release characteristics Deliver time-, pH-, or microbially-triggered release Tablets, capsules, or multiparticulates Biphasic release Eliminate the need for repeat dosing Provide rapid therapeutic effect from an immediate-release layer and extended dosing from a sustained-release layer Bilayer tablets or multiparticulates Pulsatile release Release the drug as a pulse after a pre-determined lag time, designed according to the body’s circadian rhythm Provide a release mechanism beneficial for drugs where time-dependent dosing is required or those that undergo first-pass metabolism Bilayer tablets or multiparticulates Go further with Quotient Sciences Case Studies Discover how we've helped pharma and biotech organizations successfully meet their milestones. See Examples Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/pharmaceutical-and-clinical-performance-comparisons-modified-release-multiparticulates-and-matrix-tablet-formulations
Page Not Found | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact 404\. Page not found. The page you are looking for might have been removed, had its name changed, or is temporarily unavailable. Go Home Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/development-modified-release-matrix-tablet-formulation-using-solid-lipid-compritol-888
Development of modified release matrix tablet formulation using solid lipid Compritol 888 for a poorly water soluble drug | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Modified Release , Formulation Development Development of modified release matrix tablet formulation using solid lipid Compritol 888 for a poorly water soluble drug 22 December 2021 Home Resources Development of modified release matrix tablet formulation using solid lipid Compritol 888 for a poorly water soluble drug Overview Drug X is a poorly water soluble BCS/DCS II small molecule drug. In order to reduce the Cmax related side effects observed from the immediate release formulation, development of a modified release tablet was required. Download Download Now Download Now: Development of modified release matrix tablet formulation using solid lipid Compritol 888 for a poorly water soluble drug Date 22 December 2021 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/integrated-programs/early-development
Early Phase Drug Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Integrated Early Development Programs Accelerating molecules through to proof-of-concept (POC). Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Integrated Programs Early Development Simplify your early drug development journey with Quotient Sciences. Loading... Proof-of-concept (POC) is a key milestone in the development of a new drug candidate. We understand the importance of the POC milestone for your drug. At Quotient Sciences we offer integrated early development services to support the end-to-end execution of first-in-human programs. This includes drug product manufacturing and we will continue to support your program through to drug product supply for the POC study. What is the early drug development phase and common challanges faced? The early phase of drug development encompasses the first-in-human (FIH) clinical trial to the proof-of-concept study. Incorporating a range of clinical studies in healthy volunteers and patient groups can be complex as the type of drug product(s) employed in your early development program will often need to change to meet differing requirements. Find out how Quotient Sciences and our integrated capabilities can help on your journey to reach your FIH trial. Why partner with Quotient Sciences on your early drug development phase program? With integrated capabilities that range from first-in-human testing to seamless drug product supply for patient trials, we simplify your early development processes. Over 30 years of experience in drug development, clinical testing, and drug manufacturing A multidisciplinary scientific team assigned to your project Integrated capabilities that offer a faster, more cost-effective route to POC, for shortened timelines by up to 18 months Clinical data that guides dosage form design Streamlined outsourcing and seamless drug product supply Rapid drug product optimization, customized for your molecule Achieving proof-of-concept (POC) needs to be fast and cost-effective. However, it's common for most new drugs to require some sort of reformulation or optimization during their development, whether to respond to suboptimal exposure profiles, to transition from an early development formulation to one suitable for chronic administration in patients, or as part of a life-cycle management strategy. At Quotient Sciences, we can help you streamline the drug product optimization process in a number of ways. Leveraging our Translational Pharmaceutics ® platform, we can manufacture and obtain clinical data on new formulations in an accelerated timeframe. Integrated services and capabilities across our facilities in the U.S. and U.K. allow us to keep this work under a single organization and a single clinical protocol, so you don't have the burden of managing multiple vendors. Using this approach, we've optimized drug product for customer programs to: improve formulation decision-making cut development timelines by half or more conserve API Drug Product Optimization Translational Pharmaceutics® Your partner to bring new treatments to market. Fast. From the next generation of emerging biotechs, to Fortune 100 pharmaceutical companies, we have worked with countless companies across the pharmaceutical industry over the last 30 years. Speak with one of our experts to learn more about our capabilities and how we can help you reach your program's milestones. Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/integrated-programs/late-development
Late Phase Drug Product Development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Late Phase Drug Product Development Accelerate from proof-of-concept (POC) to commercial manufacturing & supply. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Integrated Programs Late Development Accelerate your product's path to the market. Loading... The journey from proof-of-concept to commercial launch can be complex. Speed to market is critical but cannot come at the expense of drug product quality. Accelerate the journey from proof-of-concept to commercial launch with the help of Quotient Sciences. What is the late drug development phase and how can you help accelerate through it? Late phase clinical development includes Phase 2b and Phase 3 trials to establish the effectiveness, safety, and cost-effectiveness of a product on a larger scale in order to provide sufficient evidence for the drug's market approval submission. Commercial manufacture at scale of the product. At Quotient Sciences, we support clinical trial materials manufacturing, registration and validation batches, and commercial scale to help your treatment reach the market. Why partner with Quotient Sciences in your late drug development phase? We provide the necessary expertise to turn promising molecules into successful, commercial drug products. Multidisciplinary scientific team with 30 years of experience Faster, more cost-effective route to market Shortens timelines by over 12 months Clinical data drives drug product optimization Streamlined outsourcing Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® Leveraging the Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® platform lets you reach late-phase trials, faster. Translational Pharmaceutics® enables us to develop late-phase products more efficiently. This means faster regulatory submissions, approvals, and market access for your new therapy. Learn More Explore our offering Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-completes-integration-drug-substance-translational-pharmaceutics-platform
Quotient Sciences Completes Integration of Drug Substance Into Translational Pharmaceutics Platform | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Completes Integration of Drug Substance Into Translational Pharmaceutics Platform News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Completes Integration of Drug Substance Into Translational Pharmaceutics Platform The newly enhanced drug development platform will help empower innovators with the fastest[1] development timelines. NOTTINGHAM (UK), February 17, 2022: Quotient Sciences – a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator offering a suite of services to clients in the pharmaceutical and biotech industry – announces that it has integrated drug substance into its flagship Translational Pharmaceutics® platform. The newly integrated service unites drug substance, drug product and clinical testing activities all within a unified organization and under a single project manager. The full integration of drug substance R&D and manufacturing follows a year after the company’s acquisition of its Alnwick, UK site and provides a more streamlined approach from candidate selection through to commercialization. Quotient Sciences Translational Pharmaceutics® approach – combining manufacturing and clinical dosing at a single organization – enables innovators to adjust formulations and dosing in real time. “Our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform is now in its 15th year and has accelerated development timelines for more than 500 drug programs. We remain the only outsourcing partner able to offer innovators the ability to manufacture, release, and dose under one organization. This approach is proven to shave 12-months off timelines and, by adding drug substance synthesis, the timeline from candidate selection to clinic can be further accelerated by 2-4 months,” commented Mark Egerton, CEO of Quotient Sciences. Translational Pharmaceutics® was developed in consultation with the MHRA & FDA and employs a rapid “make-test” cycle, where drug products are manufactured, released, and dosed in a clinical study in days rather than months. This means biotechs and pharma companies can fast track molecules from First in Human (FIH) through Proof of Concept (POC). “By fully integrating drug substance with drug product and clinical testing activities, Quotient Sciences can closely align manufacturing and dosing workflows, greatly improving R&D efficiencies, and increasing the potential for clinical and commercial success,” stated Peter Scholes, CSO of Quotient Sciences. “In fact, an independent study by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) showed Translational Pharmaceutics delivered $200million in drug development cost savings per approved drug.” “Our purpose has always been to bring new medicines to patients faster, and our new capabilities in drug substance continue to break down traditional industry silos. As we look to the future, Quotient will continue to bring on new services that further integrate drug development and streamline the outsourcing needs of our customers,” added Egerton. For more information around our fully integrated Translational Pharmaceutics platform, click here. Read the full release \------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [1] https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/assessing-financial-impact-translational-pharmaceu/ Share: Latest news News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Learn more News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-expands-uk-facilities-support-delivery-translational-pharmaceuticsr-programs
Quotient Sciences Expands UK Facilities to Support the Delivery of Translational Pharmaceutics® Programs | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Expands UK Facilities to Support the Delivery of Translational Pharmaceutics® Programs News & Announcements , Translational Pharmaceutics® , Nottingham, UK , Reading, UK Quotient Sciences Expands UK Facilities to Support the Delivery of Translational Pharmaceutics® Programs Quotient Sciences has completed major investments and expansions at its Nottingham, UK and Reading, UK, facilities to support the delivery of fully integrated drug development programs. Company increases laboratory and clinical capacity to meet demand for fully integrated drug development capabilities NOTTINGHAM, UK; September 22, 2022 – Quotient Sciences, a drug development and manufacturing accelerator, has completed major investments and expansions at its Nottingham, UK and Reading, UK, facilities to support the delivery of fully integrated drug development programs through the Company’s flagship platform, Translational Pharmaceutics ® . The new clinical pharmacology space and expanded development laboratories increase the Company’s capacity to conduct integrated Translational Pharmaceutics programs for global pharma and biotech customers. Translational Pharmaceutics integrates drug substance, drug product, and clinical testing activities under a single outsourcing provider to accelerate development timelines and reduce costs. Developed in consultation with the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) and the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the platform employs rapid “make-test” cycles, where drug products are manufactured, released, and dosed in a clinical study in days rather than months. In Nottingham, UK, Quotient Sciences has opened a 17,000 sq ft, MHRA-inspected clinical pharmacology facility, which includes 40 beds with ancillary volunteer lounges, processing labs, a dispensary, and controlled storage. The new facility is located alongside their existing formulation development, manufacturing, and clinical operations facilities at the Company’s Nottingham campus. At their Reading, UK site, the firm has completed a £1.5 million expansion of its early development and manufacturing facility, which has doubled its formulation development and analytical footprint at the facility, with increased office space also part of the expansion. “Quotient Sciences’ mission is to help bring new medicines to patients faster by breaking down traditional industry silos,” stated Mark Egerton, Ph.D., CEO of Quotient Sciences. “Our unique Translational Pharmaceutics platform was launched over 15 years ago and has accelerated the development of close to 1,000 molecules for our customers. These expansions are consistent with our overall growth strategy and in direct response to feedback from our customers and the increasing demand for our services.” About Quotient Sciences Quotient Sciences is a drug development and manufacturing accelerator providing integrated programs and tailored services across the entire development pathway. Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting drugs to patients. Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, and molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Share: Latest news News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Learn more News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-completes-major-expansion-drug-substance-manufacturing-facility
Quotient Sciences Completes Major Expansion of Drug Substance Manufacturing Facility | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences Completes Major Expansion of Drug Substance Manufacturing Facility Acquisitions & Growth , Alnwick , Translational Pharmaceutics® Quotient Sciences Completes Major Expansion of Drug Substance Manufacturing Facility A £6 million project expands Quotient Sciences' Alnwick, UK into a state-of-the-art drug substance manufacturing facility that can deliver integrated support for customers from candidate selection through to early clinical development and beyond. NOTTINGHAM, UK; October 18, 2022 – Quotient Sciences, the drug development and manufacturing accelerator, has completed the expansion of its drug substance manufacturing facility in Alnwick, UK. The £6 million project results in a state-of-the-art drug substance manufacturing capability that can deliver integrated support for customers from candidate selection through to early clinical development and beyond. The expansion delivers multipurpose capacity of up to 15 GMP reactor streams with reactor volumes ranging from 5 liters up to 150 liters and tactical deployment of batch or continuous flow chemistry technologies to optimize drug substance manufacturing processes. The facility has been designed adopting Industry 4.0 principles, with the inclusion of a predictive process control system (PharmaMV) improving the transfer from small-scale process research and development (PR&D) into the manufacture of multi-kilogram quantities of drug substance for clinical use. Mark Egerton, Ph.D., CEO of Quotient Sciences, said, “Since acquiring the Alnwick facility in 2021, our objective has been to incorporate drug substance services into our integrated Translational Pharmaceutics® platform combining drug product manufacturing and clinical testing. By working with customers at the point of candidate nomination, we can now design the most streamlined programs and significantly accelerate their development timelines.” Quotient Sciences Alnwick currently employs 200 people across a range of scientific disciplines, including process chemistry, solid-state characterization, radiosynthesis, bioanalysis, and formulation development. The company will continue to expand its capabilities, capacity, and headcount at the site to meet the growing demand for outsourced development and manufacturing services. In 2021, the site was presented an award for “Most Inspirational North East (UK) Science Employer” from STEM Learning as part of the STEM Ambassadors program. About Quotient Sciences Quotient Sciences is a drug development and manufacturing accelerator providing integrated programs and tailored services across the entire development pathway. Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting drugs to patients. Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, and molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. For more information, please visit quotientsciences.com . Share: Latest news Translational Pharmaceutics® Quotient Sciences speaks with Outsourcing Pharma on what's ahead for CPhI By: Liza Laws Learn more News & Announcements, Customer Milestone, Translational Pharmaceutics® Oxilio completes first clinical trial with OXL001 at Quotient Sciences - Nottingham Learn more News & Announcements, Translational Pharmaceutics®, John McDermott Biopharm International: John McDermott on Drug Development Outsourcing By: John McDermott Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-wins-all-2022-cro-leadership-award-categories
Quotient Sciences wins in all 2022 CRO Leadership Award categories | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences wins in all 2022 CRO Leadership Award categories Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences wins in all 2022 CRO Leadership Award categories Quotient Sciences has been recognized with multiple 2022 CRO Leadership Awards , including two Champion Awards. The CRO Leadership Awards recognizes top performing outsourcing organizations in the drug development space. Quotient received leadership awards in all five categories, which included: Capabilities, Compatibility, Expertise, Reliability, Quality in the Overall award segment. Quotient was also honored with two champion awards in Expertise and Reliability. Champion awards are given to companies that scored one standard deviation more above the weighted average in each of the categories and are deemed “top performers”. Champion Award Winning Categories: Expertise (Overall) Reliability (Overall) Leadership Award Winning Categories: Capabilities (Overall) Compatibility (Overall) Expertise (Overall) Reliability (Overall) Quality (Overall) For the 2022 CRO Leadership Awards, we once again teamed up with ISR Reports to determine the award recipients. 50 contract research organizations were assessed on 20+ performance metrics in ISR’s annual CRO Quality Benchmarking survey. Respondents only evaluate companies with which they have worked on an outsourced project within the past 18 months. This level of qualification ensures that survey responses are based on actual involvement with CROs and clear experiential data. See the report & full list of winners Share: Latest news Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences’ Dr. Andrew Lewis Receives 2024 Distinguished Service Award from Controlled Release Society (CRS) Learn more Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Recognized in the Pharma Innovation Awards 2023 Learn more Awards & Recognition Quotient Sciences Recognized in the 2023 British Made Awards Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/effect-miricorilant-selective-glucocorticoid-receptor-modulator-olanzapine-associated
Effect of Miricorilant, a Selective Glucocorticoid Receptor Modulator, on Olanzapine-Associated Weight Gain in Healthy Subjects | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Peer Reviewed Publication , Clinical Pharmacology Effect of Miricorilant, a Selective Glucocorticoid Receptor Modulator, on Olanzapine-Associated Weight Gain in Healthy Subjects 3 January 2022 Home Resources Effect of Miricorilant, a Selective Glucocorticoid Receptor Modulator, on Olanzapine-Associated Weight Gain in Healthy Subjects Overview Effect of Miricorilant, a Selective Glucocorticoid Receptor Modulator, on Olanzapine-Associated Weight Gain in Healthy Subjects. Download our resource today. Download Download Now Download Now: Effect of Miricorilant, a Selective Glucocorticoid Receptor Modulator, on Olanzapine-Associated Weight Gain in Healthy Subjects Date 3 January 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/astrazeneca-characterization-clinical-adme-pharmacokinetics-velsecorat-using-iv
Astrazeneca - Characterization of Clinical ADME & Pharmacokinetics of Velsecorat Using an IV Microtracer Combined with an Inhaled Dose in Healthy Subjects | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Peer Reviewed Publication , Human ADME , Clinical Pharmacology , First-in-Human Astrazeneca - Characterization of Clinical ADME & Pharmacokinetics of Velsecorat Using an IV Microtracer Combined with an Inhaled Dose in Healthy Subjects 2 February 2022 Home Resources Astrazeneca - Characterization of Clinical ADME & Pharmacokinetics of Velsecorat Using an IV Microtracer Combined with an Inhaled Dose in Healthy Subjects Overview Characterization of Clinical Absorption, Distribution, Metabolism, and Excretion and Pharmacokinetics of Velsecorat Using an Intravenous Microtracer Combined with an Inhaled Dose in Healthy Subjects Publication Abstract: This open-label, single-period study describes the human absorption, distribution, metabolism, excretion, and pharmacokinetics of velsecorat (AZD7594). Healthy subjects received inhaled velsecorat (non-radiolabeled; 720 mg) followed by intravenous infusion of carbon 14 (14C)-velsecorat (30 mg). Plasma, urine, and feces were collected up to 168 hours post-dose. Objectives included identification and quantification of velsecorat and its metabolites (i.e., drug-related material) in plasma and excreta, and determining the elimination pathways of velsecorat by measuring the rate and route of excretion, plasma half-life (t1/2), clearance, volume of distribution and mean recovery of radioactivity. On average, 76.0% of administered 14C dose was recovered by the end of the sampling period (urine 5 24.4%; feces 5 51.6%), with no unchanged compound recovered in excreta, suggesting that biliary excretion is the main elimination route. Compared with intravenous 14C-velsecorat, inhaled velsecorat had a longer t1/2 (27 versus 2 hours), confirming that plasma elimination is absorption-rate-limited from the lungs. Following intravenous administration, t1/2 of 14C-drug-related material was longer than for unchanged velsecorat, and 20% of the 14C plasma content was related to unchanged velsecorat. The geometric mean plasma clearance of velsecorat was high (70.7 l/h) and the geometric mean volume of distribution at steady state was 113 l. Velsecorat was substantially metabolized via O-dealkylation of the indazole ether followed by sulfate conjugation, forming the M1 metabolite, the major metabolite in plasma. There were 15 minor metabolites. Velsecorat was well tolerated, and these results support the progression of velsecorat to phase 3 studies. Download Download Now Download Now: Astrazeneca - Characterization of Clinical ADME & Pharmacokinetics of Velsecorat Using an IV Microtracer Combined with an Inhaled Dose in Healthy Subjects Date 2 February 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/practical-and-operational-considerations-related-paediatric-oral-drug-formulation-industry-survey
Pediatric Oral Drug Formulation Survey | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Peer Reviewed Publication , Pediatrics , Drug Product , Drug Substance Practical and operational considerations related to pediatric oral drug formulation: An industry survey 14 December 2022 Home Resources Practical and operational considerations related to pediatric oral drug formulation: An industry survey Overview Practical and operational considerations related to paediatric oral drug formulation: An industry survey. Download our resource today. Download Download Now Download Now: Practical and operational considerations related to pediatric oral drug formulation: An industry survey Date 14 December 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/controlled-synthesis-spionsio2-nanoparticles-using-design-experiments
Controlled Synthesis Of SPION@SiO2 Nanos | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Peer Reviewed Publication , Materials Science Controlled synthesis of SPION@SiO2 nanoparticles using design of experiments 13 December 2022 Home Resources Controlled synthesis of SPION@SiO2 nanoparticles using design of experiments Overview Download Quotient Sciences' peer-reviewed resource, 'Controlled synthesis of SPION@SiO2 nanoparticles using design of experiments', published in Materials Advances. Download Download Now Download Now: Controlled synthesis of SPION@SiO2 nanoparticles using design of experiments Date 13 December 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/safety-tolerability-and-pharmacokinetics-oligomer-modulator-anle138b-exposure-levels
Safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of the oligomer modulator anle138b with exposure levels sufficient for therapeutic efficacy in a murine Parkinson model: A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 1a trial | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Peer Reviewed Publication , Translational Pharmaceutics , Clinical Pharmacology , First-in-Human Safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of the oligomer modulator anle138b with exposure levels sufficient for therapeutic efficacy in a murine Parkinson model: A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 1a trial 3 May 2022 Home Resources Safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of the oligomer modulator anle138b with exposure levels sufficient for therapeutic efficacy in a murine Parkinson model: A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 1a trial Overview Synucleinopathies such as Parkinsońs disease (PD), Dementia with Lewy odies (DLB) and Multiple System Atrophy (MSA) are characterized by deposition of misfolded and aggregated a-synuclein. Small aggregates (oligomers) of a-synuclein have been shown to be the most relevant neurotoxic species and are targeted by anle138b, an orally bioavailable small molecule compound which shows strong disease-modifying effects in animal models of synucleinopathies. Anle138b was studied in a single-centre, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled single ascending dose (SAD) and multiple ascending dose (MAD) study in healthy subjects. Eligible participants were randomly assigned (1:1 for sentinel subjects and 1:5 for main group) to placebo or anle138b (dose range 50 mg to 300 mg per day), respectively. In addition, the effect of food on the pharmakokinetics of anle138b in healthy subjects was examined in doses of 150 mg per day. Download Download Now Download Now: Safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of the oligomer modulator anle138b with exposure levels sufficient for therapeutic efficacy in a murine Parkinson model: A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 1a trial Date 3 May 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/phase-1-studies-evaluate-food-effect-and-relative-bioavailability-tablet-and-capsule
Phase 1 Studies to Evaluate the Food Effect and Relative Bioavailability of Tablet and Capsule Formulations of Belumosudil in Healthy Adult Subjects | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Peer Reviewed Publication , Drug Product Optimization Phase 1 Studies to Evaluate the Food Effect and Relative Bioavailability of Tablet and Capsule Formulations of Belumosudil in Healthy Adult Subjects 15 March 2022 Home Resources Phase 1 Studies to Evaluate the Food Effect and Relative Bioavailability of Tablet and Capsule Formulations of Belumosudil in Healthy Adult Subjects Overview Phase 1 Studies to Evaluate the Food Effect and Relative Bioavailability of Tablet and Capsule Formulations of Belumosudil in Healthy Adult Subjects Belumosudil is a selective Rho-associated coiled-coil containing protein kinase 2 inhibitor. A capsule formulation was used during early clinical development of belumosudil; it was later replaced by a tablet formulation, which mimicked the capsule’s release properties and facilitated manufacturing scalability. To assess belumosudil’s pharmacokinetics, including potential food effects,and evaluate the relative bioavailability of the 2 formulations,2 phase 1 clinical trials were conducted. Administration of both belumosudil tablets and capsules with food increased exposure ≈2× as compared to the fasted state and delayed time to maximum concentration by 0.5 hour, indicating a decrease in the rate but increase in the extent of absorption with fed administration. Relative bioavailability was slightly higher when belumosudil was administered as tablets vs capsules, although the difference was not clinically meaningful. Safety and tolerability were generally consistent with the known safety profile of belumosudil. The results of these studies support administration of belumosudil with food. Download Download Now Date 15 March 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/phase-1-pharmacokinetic-drug-interaction-study-belumosudil-coadministered-cyp3a4
A Phase 1 Pharmacokinetic Drug Interaction Study of Belumosudil Coadministered With CYP3A4 Inhibitors and Inducers and Proton Pump Inhibitors | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Peer Reviewed Publication , Drug Product Optimization A Phase 1 Pharmacokinetic Drug Interaction Study of Belumosudil Coadministered With CYP3A4 Inhibitors and Inducers and Proton Pump Inhibitors 15 March 2022 Home Resources A Phase 1 Pharmacokinetic Drug Interaction Study of Belumosudil Coadministered With CYP3A4 Inhibitors and Inducers and Proton Pump Inhibitors Overview A Phase 1 Pharmacokinetic Drug Interaction Study of Belumosudil Coadministered With CYP3A4 Inhibitors and Inducers and Proton Pump Inhibitors Belumosudil is a selective Rho-associated protein kinase 2 inhibitor. Inhibition of Rho-associated protein kinase 2 has emerged as a promising treatment for chronic graft-versus-host disease by restoring immune homeostasis and reducing fibrosis. In vitro assessments have suggested that metabolism of belumosudil is primarily dependent on cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A4 activity and that the solubility of belumosudil is pH dependent. As such, this 2-part clinical drug-drug interaction study was conducted to assess the effect of itraconazole (a strong CYP3A4 inhibitor), rifampicin (a strong CYP3A4 inducer), rabeprazole, and omeprazole (both proton pump inhibitors) on the pharmacokinetics of belumosudil. No clinically relevant change in belumosudil exposure was observed following a 200-mg single oral dose of belumosudil with itraconazole; however, exposure of main metabolite, KD025m2, was decreased. Consistent with the proposed metabolic pathway of belumosudil, the strong CYP3A4 inducer rifampicin significantly decreased exposure of belumosudil and KD025m2 and increased KD025m1 exposure.When a 200-mg single oral dose of belumosudil was coadministered with both rabeprazole and omeprazole, parent and metabolite exposures were largely reduced, suggesting that belumosudil dosage should be increased when given with PPIs. Administration of belumosudil with and without perpetrator drugs was safe, and no notable adverse events were reported. Download Download Now Download Now: A Phase 1 Pharmacokinetic Drug Interaction Study of Belumosudil Coadministered With CYP3A4 Inhibitors and Inducers and Proton Pump Inhibitors Date 15 March 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/absolute-bioavailability-mass-balance-and-metabolic-profiling-assessment-14c-belumosudil
Absolute Bioavailability, Mass Balance, and Metabolic Profiling Assessment of [14C]-Belumosudil in Healthy Men: A Phase 1, Open-Label, 2-Part Study | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Peer Reviewed Publication , Drug Product Optimization Absolute Bioavailability, Mass Balance, and Metabolic Profiling Assessment of [14C]-Belumosudil in Healthy Men: A Phase 1, Open-Label, 2-Part Study 15 March 2022 Home Resources Absolute Bioavailability, Mass Balance, and Metabolic Profiling Assessment of [14C]-Belumosudil in Healthy Men: A Phase 1, Open-Label, 2-Part Study Overview Absolute Bioavailability, Mass Balance, and Metabolic Profiling Assessment of [14C]-Belumosudil in Healthy Men: A Phase 1, Open-Label, 2-Part Study Belumosudil is a selective Rho-associated coiled-coil containing protein kinase 2 (ROCK2) inhibitor. ROCK2 has been shown to drive proinflammatory response and fibrosis that occurs with chronic graft-versus-host disease; therefore, inhibition of ROCK2 has emerged as a therapeutic target for chronic graft-versus-host disease. In this phase 1 two-part study, the pharmacokinetics, mass balance, and metabolic profile of belumosudil were evaluated after single doses of unlabeled belumosudil oral tablets (200 mg), radiolabeled belumosudil intravenous (IV) microtracer infusions (100 μg), and radiolabeled oral capsules (200 mg). Absolute bioavailability based on area under the plasma concentration–time curve from time 0 to infinity for the oral dose/area under the plasma concentration–time curve from time 0 to infinity for the IV dose was calculated as 63.7%. Radiolabeled IV microtracer dosing demonstrated a low extraction ratio and distribution of belumosudil into tissues. The majority of total radioactivity was recovered in feces, with minimal amounts recovered in urine, suggesting minimal renal elimination of belumosudil. In addition to parent and main metabolite KD025m2, metabolites identified in plasma included the phase 2 metabolites O-dealkylated belumosudil sulfate and belumosudil glucuronide. These metabolites (with the exception of the glucuronide) in addition to monohydroxy-belumosudil, and belumosudil diol were identified in feces. No metabolites in urine accounted for >10% of the radioactive dose. Download Download Now Date 15 March 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/cc-99677-novel-oral-selective-covalent-mk2-inhibitor-sustainably-reduces-pro-inflammatory-cytokine-production
CC-99677: A Novel, Oral, Selective Covalent MK2 Inhibitor | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Peer Reviewed Publication , Clinical Pharmacology CC-99677: A Novel, Oral, Selective Covalent MK2 Inhibitor, Sustainably Reduces Pro-inflammatory Cytokine Production 23 August 2022 Home Resources CC-99677: A Novel, Oral, Selective Covalent MK2 Inhibitor, Sustainably Reduces Pro-inflammatory Cytokine Production Overview Dr. Stuart Mair, Global Vice President, Medical, Early Development, has contributed to a scientific article on Arthritis Research & Therapy. Background Mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK)-activated protein kinase-2 (MK2) is activated downstream of p38 MAPK and regulates the stability of mRNAs encoding inflammatory cytokines. CC-99677 is a novel, irreversible, covalent MK2 inhibitor under development for the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis (AS) and other inflammatory diseases. As part of a phase I clinical trial to assess safety and tolerability, we evaluated target engagement, pharmacokinetics, and pharmacodynamics of CC-99677. Methods The MK2 inhibitor CC-99677 was evaluated for its effect on cytokine expression in vitro in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from healthy donors and patients with a definitive AS diagnosis. A novel in vitro model was developed to compare the potential for tachyphylaxis of CC-99677 and p38 inhibitors in THP-1 cells. The effect of CC-99677 on tristetraprolin (TTP) and cytokine mRNA was assessed in stimulated human monocyte-derived macrophages. In a first-in-human study, thirty-seven healthy volunteers were randomly assigned to daily oral doses of CC-99677 or placebo, and blood was collected at pre-specified time points before and after dosing. CC-99677 concentrations were assessed in the plasma, and CC-99677 binding to MK2 was evaluated in PBMCs. Ex vivo stimulation of the whole blood was conducted by participants in the first-in-human study to assess the pharmacodynamic effects. Results In vitro, CC-99677 inhibited tumor necrosis factor (TNF), interleukin (IL)-6, and IL-17 protein production in samples of monocytes and macrophages from AS patients and healthy volunteers via an mRNA-destabilization mechanism. In the in vitro model of tachyphylaxis, CC-99677 showed a differentiated pattern of sustained TNF protein inhibition compared with p38 inhibitors. CC-99677 reduced TTP phosphorylation and accelerated the decay of inflammatory cytokine mRNA in lipopolysaccharide-stimulated macrophages. Administration of CC-99677 to healthy volunteers was safe and well-tolerated, with linear pharmacokinetics and sustained reduction of ex vivo whole blood TNF, IL-6, and chemokine synthesis. Conclusions CC-99677 inhibition of MK2 is a promising approach for the treatment of inflammatory diseases and may overcome the limitations of p38 MAPK inhibition. Gaur, R., Mensah, K.A., Stricker, J. et al. CC-99677, a novel, oral, selective covalent MK2 inhibitor, sustainably reduces pro-inflammatory cytokine production. Arthritis Res Ther 24 , 199 (2022). https://doi.org/10.1186/s13075-022-02850-6. Download Download Now Download Now: CC-99677: A Novel, Oral, Selective Covalent MK2 Inhibitor, Sustainably Reduces Pro-inflammatory Cytokine Production Date 23 August 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/nand-singh-contributes-recent-study-article-absorption-metabolism-and-excretion-opicapone
Nand Singh Contributes to Recent Study Article, "Absorption, metabolism and excretion of opicapone in human healthy volunteers" | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Nand Singh Contributes to Recent Study Article, "Absorption, metabolism and excretion of opicapone in human healthy volunteers" Articles & Publications Nand Singh Contributes to Recent Study Article, "Absorption, metabolism and excretion of opicapone in human healthy volunteers" Nand Singh, Medical Director at Quotient Sciences, contributions to a bial study paper in the British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology, published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Pharmacological Society. This paper documents the study, absorption, metabolism and excretion of opicapone (2,5-dichloro-3-(5-[3,4-dihydroxy-5-nitrophenyl]-1,2,4-oxadiazol-3-yl)-4,6-dimethylpyridine 1-oxide), a selective catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitor. Aims: The absorption, metabolism and excretion of opicapone (2,5-dichloro3-(5-[3,4-dihydroxy-5-nitrophenyl]-1,2,4-oxadiazol-3-yl)-4,6-dimethylpyridine 1-oxide), a selective catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitor, were investigated. Methods: Plasma, urine and faeces were collected from healthy male subjects following a single oral dose of 100 mg [14C]-opicapone. The mass balance of [ 14C]-opicapone and metabolic profile were evaluated. Results: The recovery of total administered radioactivity averaged >90% after 144 hours. Faeces were the major route of elimination, representing 70% of the administered dose; 5% and 20% were excreted in urine and expired air, respectively. The Cmax of total radioactivity matched that of unchanged opicapone, whereas the total radioactivity remained quantifiable for a longer period, attributed to the contribution of opicapone metabolites, involving primarily 3-O-sulfate conjugation (58.6% of total circulating radioactivity) at the nitrocatechol ring. Other circulating metabolites, accounting for <10% of the radioactivity exposure, were formed by glucuronidation, methylation, N-oxide reduction and gluthatione conjugation. Additionally, various other metabolites resulting from combinations with the opicapone N-oxide reduced form at the 2,5-dichloro-4,6-dimethylpyridine 1-oxide moiety, including nitro reduction and N-acetylation, reductive opening and cleavage of the 1,2,4-oxadiazole ring and the subsequent hydrolysis products were identified, but only in faeces, suggesting the involvement of gut bacteria. Conclusion: [14C]-opicapone was fully excreted through multiple metabolic pathways. The main route of excretion was in faeces, where opicapone may be further metabolized via reductive metabolism involving the 1,2,4-oxadiazole ring-opening and subsequent hydrolysis Read the article Share: Latest news Articles & Publications, Dr. Paul Quigley Outsourcing Pharma: Paul Quigley on going with the flow in drug substance manufacturing By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Clinical Trials, Articles & Publications Nick McEntee: Getting Clinical Trial Materials Manufacturing Right - Contract Pharma By: Nick McEntee Learn more Articles & Publications, Eleanor Row 3 Key Trends Shaping Our Industry: Contract Pharma Thought Leadership Feature with Eleanor Row By: Eleanor Row Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/safety-tolerability-and-pharmacokinetics-oligomer-modulator-anle138b-first-human
Safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of the oligomer modulator anle138b: a first-in-human randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 1 trial | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Pediatrics , Clinical Trial Manufacturing Safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of the oligomer modulator anle138b: a first-in-human randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 1 trial 14 December 2022 Home Resources Safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of the oligomer modulator anle138b: a first-in-human randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 1 trial Overview Safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of the oligomer modulator anle138b: a first-in-human randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 1 trial. Download Download Now Download Now: Safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of the oligomer modulator anle138b: a first-in-human randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled Phase 1 trial Date 14 December 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/use-electrospraying-means-drug-loading-mesoporous-silica-particles-enhanced-dissolution
The use of electrospraying as a means of drug loading into mesoporous silica particles for enhanced dissolution | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Commercial Manufacturing , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , Solubility Enhancement The use of electrospraying as a means of drug loading into mesoporous silica particles for enhanced dissolution 5 January 2023 Home Resources The use of electrospraying as a means of drug loading into mesoporous silica particles for enhanced dissolution Overview The use of electrospraying as a means of drug loading into mesoporous silica particles for enhanced dissolution, presented at the 13th World Meeting on Pharmaceutics, Biopharmaceutics and Pharmaceutical (PBP) Technology 2022. Download Download Now Download Now: The use of electrospraying as a means of drug loading into mesoporous silica particles for enhanced dissolution Date 5 January 2023 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/why-archiving-crucial-part-any-clinical-trial
Why Archiving is a Crucial Part of Any Clinical Trial | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Translational Pharmaceutics , Clinical Trial Manufacturing , First-in-Human Why Archiving is a Crucial Part of Any Clinical Trial 17 May 2022 Home Resources Why Archiving is a Crucial Part of Any Clinical Trial Overview One of the crucial requirements of the principles of Good Clinical Practice (GCP) is the need to ensure the integrity and secure retention of clinical trial documents and records for a period of time determined by legal, country regulations and business requirements. Essential documents serve to demonstrate the compliance of the investigator, sponsor, and Clinical Research Organization (CRO) with the standards of GCP, protocol, procedures and with all applicable regulatory agencies. Download Download Now Download Now: Why Archiving is a Crucial Part of Any Clinical Trial Date 17 May 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/phase-1-randomized-double-blind-placebo-controlled-first-human-study-assess-safety
A Phase 1, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo Controlled, First-in-Human Study to Assess Safety, Tolerability & Pharmacokinetics (PK) of Amilo-5MER in Healthy Volunteers | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Clinical Pharmacology , First-in-Human A Phase 1, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo Controlled, First-in-Human Study to Assess Safety, Tolerability & Pharmacokinetics (PK) of Amilo-5MER in Healthy Volunteers 13 September 2022 Home Resources A Phase 1, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo Controlled, First-in-Human Study to Assess Safety, Tolerability & Pharmacokinetics (PK) of Amilo-5MER in Healthy Volunteers Overview "A Phase 1, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo Controlled, First-in-Human Study to Assess Safety, Tolerability & Pharmacokinetics (PK) of Amilo-5MER in Healthy Volunteers." The poster was presented at the Pharmacology 2022 conference and was co-authored with our customer, Galmed Pharmaceuticals. Download Download Now Download Now: A Phase 1, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo Controlled, First-in-Human Study to Assess Safety, Tolerability & Pharmacokinetics (PK) of Amilo-5MER in Healthy Volunteers Date 13 September 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/development-novel-oral-suspension-formulation-candidate-api-administration-pediatric
Development of a novel oral suspension formulation of a candidate API for administration to pediatric patients | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Pediatrics , Formulation Development Development of a novel oral suspension formulation of a candidate API for administration to pediatric patients 13 December 2022 Home Resources Development of a novel oral suspension formulation of a candidate API for administration to pediatric patients Overview Download Quotient Sciences poster on the 'Development of a novel oral suspension formulation of a candidate API for administration to pediatric patients'. Download Download Now Download Now: Development of a novel oral suspension formulation of a candidate API for administration to pediatric patients Date 13 December 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/aaps-2022-poster-formulation-and-taste-assessments-first-human-studies
AAPS 2022 Poster: Formulation and Taste Assessments in First in Human Studies | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , First-in-Human , Formulation Development AAPS 2022 Poster: Formulation and Taste Assessments in First in Human Studies 3 November 2022 Home Resources AAPS 2022 Poster: Formulation and Taste Assessments in First in Human Studies Overview Quotient Sciences AAPS 2022 Poster, "Formulation and Taste Assessments in First in Human Studies" is available to download here. Download Download Now Date 3 November 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/aaps-2022-poster-kilo-scale-synthesis-daisy-chained-flow-reactors
AAPS 2022 Poster: Kilo Scale Synthesis in Daisy Chained Flow Reactors | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Drug Substance , Formulation Development AAPS 2022 Poster: Kilo Scale Synthesis in Daisy Chained Flow Reactors 3 November 2022 Home Resources AAPS 2022 Poster: Kilo Scale Synthesis in Daisy Chained Flow Reactors Overview Quotient Sciences AAPS 2022 Poster, "Kilo Scale Synthesis in Daisy Chained Flow Reactors." (2R, 6R) hydroxynorketamine is a pharmaceutical undergoing trials as an antidepressant. An atom-efficient synthesis route with norketamine as an intermediate is known. A low throughput flow synthesis route to norketamine had previously been developed, 2 however a manufacturing scale method was required. The objective of this study is to conduct the entire synthesis of norketamine from 2 chlorophenylcyclopentyl ketone in daisy-chained reactors, built mainly from readily available parts at a throughput of > 1 kg/day. Download Download Now Download Now: AAPS 2022 Poster: Kilo Scale Synthesis in Daisy Chained Flow Reactors Date 3 November 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/acop-2022-poster-benznidazole-pharmacokinetics-adults-and-children-application-pbpk
ACoP 2022 Poster: Benznidazole pharmacokinetics in adults and children: Application of PBPK modelling | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Pediatrics , Clinical Pharmacology , Modelling & Simulation ACoP 2022 Poster: Benznidazole pharmacokinetics in adults and children: Application of PBPK modelling 13 December 2022 Home Resources ACoP 2022 Poster: Benznidazole pharmacokinetics in adults and children: Application of PBPK modelling Overview Benznidazole pharmacokinetics in adults and children: Application of PBPK modelling to explore the impact of age on benznidazole pharmacokinetics, presented at the American Conference on Pharmacometrics (ACoP) 2022. Download a copy of Quotient Sciences scientific poster on "Benznidazole pharmacokinetics in adults and children: Application of PBPK modelling" here. Download Download Now Download Now: ACoP 2022 Poster: Benznidazole pharmacokinetics in adults and children: Application of PBPK modelling Date 13 December 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/qualification-gastroplus-pbpk-modelling-software-support-decision-making-clinical
Qualification of Gastroplus® PBPK modelling software to support decision-making in clinical development | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Clinical Pharmacology , Modelling & Simulation Qualification of Gastroplus® PBPK modelling software to support decision-making in clinical development 13 December 2022 Home Resources Qualification of Gastroplus® PBPK modelling software to support decision-making in clinical development Overview Qualification of Gastroplus® PBPK modelling software to support decision-making in clinical development. Download Quotient Sciences resource today. Download Download Now Download Now: Qualification of Gastroplus® PBPK modelling software to support decision-making in clinical development Date 13 December 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/esmo-immuno-oncology-poster-hubro-therapeutics-qsc204718-vaccine-study
ESMO Immuno-Oncology Poster: Hubro Therapeutics QSC204718 (Vaccine Study) | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Scientific Poster , Oncology , Clinical Pharmacology ESMO Immuno-Oncology Poster: Hubro Therapeutics QSC204718 (Vaccine Study) 13 December 2022 Home Resources ESMO Immuno-Oncology Poster: Hubro Therapeutics QSC204718 (Vaccine Study) Overview Download Quotient Sciences poster on 'A Phase I Study of the Cancer-specific Vaccine FMPV-1 in Healthy Male Subjects to Assess Safety and Immune Response'. Download Download Now Download Now: ESMO Immuno-Oncology Poster: Hubro Therapeutics QSC204718 (Vaccine Study) Date 13 December 2022 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/quotient-sciences-speaks-outsourcing-pharma-whats-ahead-cphi
Quotient Sciences speaks with Outsourcing Pharma on what's ahead for CPhI | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Quotient Sciences speaks with Outsourcing Pharma on what's ahead for CPhI Translational Pharmaceutics® Quotient Sciences speaks with Outsourcing Pharma on what's ahead for CPhI By: Liza Laws This article from Outsourcing Pharma describes how our team at Quotient Sciences is looking forward to reconnecting with customers and giving them a preview of how we are looking to expand Translational Pharmaceutics further within the US at CPhI North America. Topics discussed include how we plan to stay ahead of industry trends and developments, recent partnerships and collaborations, challenges we are facing and how these are being addressed, future expansion plans, and insight into what sets us apart from industry competitors. Read the full article here on the Outsourcing Pharma website. Meet the author: Liza Laws Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/oxilio-clinical-trial-oxl001-quotient-sciences
Oxilio completes first clinical trial with OXL001 at Quotient Sciences - Nottingham | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Oxilio completes first clinical trial with OXL001 at Quotient Sciences - Nottingham News & Announcements , Customer Milestone , Translational Pharmaceutics® Oxilio completes first clinical trial with OXL001 at Quotient Sciences - Nottingham Oxilio completes Phase 1 clinical trial with OXL001 at Quotient Sciences - Nottingham with favorable safety and pharmacokinetic data. OXFORD, UK; 20 June 2023 – Oxilio, a pioneering drug development company repurposing existing drugs to address unmet needs in cancer treatment, today announced favorable safety and pharmacokinetic data from a single-part, five-period, sequential, open-labeled Phase 1 study of OXL001 in healthy male volunteers that is being conducted at Quotient Science. The objectives of the study were met as follows: OXL001 capsules were considered to be safe at all doses tested Dose proportional plasma exposures were achieved via a novel lipidic formulation technology, exclusively licensed from TRx Biosciences Data generated will inform the formulation and dosing strategy for future OXL001 studies The Company also announces the commencement of an additional pre-clinical program that will enhance understanding of how OXL001 formulations can target preferential uptake into specific tumor-surrogate tissues following oral delivery. Results in the coming months will enable further optimization of OXL001 at this stage of clinical development to maximize the product’s potential in the treatment of cancer. Dr. Mark Egerton, CEO of Quotient Sciences, added: We are pleased that the Phase 1 healthy volunteer study being conducted at Quotient Sciences’ Nottingham facility has delivered rapid and favorable results for Oxilio’s OXL001 program. We will continue supporting OXL001 with our Translational Pharmaceutics® platform with fully integrated clinical assessments in order to aid in accelerated development timelines and downstream advancement to patients. About Quotient Sciences Quotient Sciences is a drug development and manufacturing accelerator providing integrated programs and tailored services across the entire development pathway. Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting drugs to patients. Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, and molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. For more information, please visit quotientsciences.com. Contact Quotient Sciences info@quotientsciences.com About Oxilio Oxilio is a pioneering pharmaceutical drug development company improving cancer treatment through rapid, cost-effective drug development. Our mission is to identify, repurpose, and commercialize existing drugs to address unmet needs in cancer therapy. We find new uses for old drugs, a proven approach that involves less risk, time, and cost to bring a drug to the marketplace. Through repurposing, reformulation, and gold-standard modeling and simulations, we are fast-tracking disruptive drug development at speed and at low cost. Contact Oxilio info@oxilio.co.uk About TRx Biosciences TRx Biosciences’ technology enables targeted oral drug delivery to specific organs, cells and tissues in cancer, CNS and respiratory diseases, and diseases of the immune system using a clinically and commercially proven approach. Our bio-enabling delivery mechanism addresses bioavailability, solubility and permeability limitations simultaneously, whilst allowing drugs to be highly targeted towards specific cells and tissues to best leverage their pharmacology. Our data demonstrates that TRx technology has the potential to significantly enhance the design and development of existing and future small molecule-based therapies. Contact TRx Biosciences dan.gooding@trxbiosciences.com Share: You might also be interested in... News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Learn more News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Learn more News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/john-mcdermott-drug-development-outsourcing-biopharm-international
Biopharm International: John McDermott on Drug Development Outsourcing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Biopharm International: John McDermott on Drug Development Outsourcing News & Announcements , Translational Pharmaceutics® , John McDermott Biopharm International: John McDermott on Drug Development Outsourcing By: John McDermott The outsourcing market can often be subject to the trends and whims of the greater pharma market. However, while there is significant buzz around mRNA technologies, the companies investigating this technology remain just a fraction of the larger market. In the latest issue of BioPharm International, our VP of Scientific Consulting, John McDermott , discusses the latest trends in drug development outsourcing. John discusses why there is an increased demand for outsourcing partners, like Quotient Sciences, that provide a range of streamlined and integrated capabilities across the entire development journey. “Outsourcing of clinical activity has been prominent in the pharmaceutical industry for a number of years, but it has taken longer for other drug development disciplines to outsource to the same extent." -John McDermott Read more of John's recent interview on the BioPharm International website by following this link . Meet the author: John McDermott Share: Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-trial-manufacturing
Clinical Trial Manufacturing | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Clinical Trial Manufacturing Tailored to meet the needs of clinical trial design and clinical manufacturing, focused on producing drugs for use in clinical research. Watch video Loading... Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Trial Manufacturing Real-time clinical manufacturing and supply. Loading... Understanding that early-phase clinical testing is a pivotal milestone in the development of your drug product, Quotient Sciences offers clinical trial manufacturing, testing, and certification services designed to meet your individual requirements. We are focused on producing drug product for use in clinical studies Our innovative method of building integrated Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) and Good Clinical Practice (GCP) programs provides a streamlined, flexible approach to drug product supply that reflects your clinical study design and timeline. At a Glance Flexible, on demand clinical manufacturing We use a variety of clinical manufacturing approaches to make only the product you need, flexible on demand. This is real-time adaptive manufacturing. Tailored clinical manufacturing, to your program Tailor clinical manufacturing, packaging, and clinical trial supplies to reflect your clinical trial design. Reduce your clinical trial costs and timelines Improve your clinical trial cost efficiency by reducing drug substance and drug product waste. On-demand high potency manufacturing Leverage our expertise in high-potency handling and manufacturing to make your product on-demand. Rapid clinical trial design and scale-up Move rapidly through clinical trial design and development to have the capability to efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes. Leverage our expertise to move rapidly through clinical trial design What can Quotient Sciences’ clinical trial manufacturing do for me? We understand the time and cost pressures you face during early-phase evaluation and work with you to ensure a rapid, seamless path from development to clinical trial supply. We can help you move rapidly through clinical trial design and development to have built the capability to efficiently scale up drug product manufacturing processes to meet the demands of global clinical and patient supply requirements. Dosage Forms We offer clinical manufacturing and testing services for all major dosage forms, including: Solutions and suspensions Drug or blend in bottle Drug or blend in capsule Immediate-, sustained-, and modified-release tablets Solubilized formulations, including amorphous (spray-dried and hot melt extrusion [HME]) dispersions, micronized and lipidic formulations Gels, creams, and ointments Delivery Routes We have extensive experience of developing and manufacturing drug products intended for all major routes of delivery: Oral (solid and liquid forms) Inhaled (pulmonary, nasal) Topical Rectal Parenteral Phase I, II, III Clinical Manufacturing We support all aspects of your drug product supply for Phase I, II, and III clinical studies: Manufacture of all major drug product dosage forms in our US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)- and UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA)-approved facilities Packaging, including bottles, blisters, and tubs Multi-language label design (including translation) Post-study drug return and reconciliation Randomization and blinding Schedule I–IV controlled substance handling Shipment logistics and supply tracking Storage and distribution capabilities (ambient, refrigerated, and frozen) Supply chain management to the clinical site Aseptic Manufacturing of Parenteral Drug Product We have over 30 years of experience in the development of parenteral drug products, from candidate development to clinical manufacturing via aseptic filtration techniques. To find out more about our aseptic manufacturing capabilities, click the link below. Aseptic Manufacturing Real-Time Adaptive Manufacturing Quotient Sciences' history and expertise in integrating manufacturing with clinical dosing enables us to manufacture, package, and release products in a matter of days or weeks rather than months. Combined with bright-stock and just-in-time (JIT) approaches, we maximize flexibility around batch size and timing supply to your selected site in response to emerging clinical data or patient recruitment — without affecting the availability of your drug product. Global Clinical Trial Supplies Quotient Sciences can ease the headache of global product supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. We’ll develop and manufacture your drug product, then seamlessly integrate a flexible packaging, labeling, and distribution strategy that's tailored to your clinical trial. Clinical Trial Supplies Clinical Trial Manufacturing: What our customers say "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals "My first response was this is too good to be true, they can’t do that. We’ve been looking for this type of solution for years – it can’t be done. However, we made a site visit and, within three days, accepted the proposal... We had clinical data within weeks... reducing the overall timeline by half, if not more.” Deborah Gouveia Vice President , Stealth BioTherapeutics "The combination of GMP manufacturing and clinical testing within one organization was, as far as we are aware, entirely unique... The understanding we have gained through working with Quotient Sciences in terms of both the formulation development and the manufacturing will be invaluable." Dr. David Hava Chief Scientific Officer , Pulmatrix "Due to the low density and poor flow characteristics of our drug substance, we experienced significant blend and content uniformity issues. By transferring our program to Quotient Sciences, the development team was able to quickly produce demo batches through multiple blending steps and roller compaction using the Gerteis Mini-Pactor. The increase in drug load from 25% to 40% was a significant improvement as we prepared for future Phase II/III trials and this ultimately benefits the patients by reducing the pill burden. We have successfully manufactured several GMP batches of tablets at various doses using a common blend. Quotient Sciences is an outstanding drug development partner with a no-nonsense approach, excellent communication, speed, and robust, easy-to-review documentation, from analytical methods to master batch records." Sean Premeau Former Director , Amplyx Pharmaceuticals Clinical Trial Manufacturing Services Find out more about our GMP clinical trial manufacturing services that will meet your supply needs for investigational medicinal product (IMP) or investigational new drugs (IND) for global clinical trials. Aseptic Manufacturing Our innovative approach enables rapid development and manufacturing of sterile solution formulations for parenteral administration. Learn More Global Clinical Trial Supplies We can facilitate global clinical trial supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. Our clinical trial supply team works with you ... Learn More High Potency APIs (HPAPIs) Handling Our global facilities are configured with the necessary controls required for the handling and processing of highly potent molecules. Learn More Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Let's talk Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/what-we-do/tailored-services/clinical-trial-manufacturing/global-clinical-trial-supplies
Global Clinical Trial Supplies | What We Do | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Global Clinical Trial Supplies Accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline with our global clinical trial supply logistics. Contact Us Home What We Do Tailored Services Clinical Trial Manufacturing Global Clinical Trial Supplies Customized packaging, labeling, and distribution services. We understand the challenges of managing clinical trials at numerous sites across multiple countries. Quotient Sciences can ease the headache of global product supply logistics and accelerate your proof-of-concept timeline. Seamless supply strategy We’ll develop and manufacture your drug product, then seamlessly integrate a flexible packaging, labeling, and distribution strategy that's tailored to your clinical trial. Managing the packaging, multi-language labeling, and door-to-door logistics, our clinical trial supply team works with you to design the most efficient process for drug product supply to your central hub or clinical sites, including the provision of bulk drug product or individual patient kits. Key questions we can help you address How much product do I need to manufacture? What packaging do I require? How do I ship to multiple countries? How do I develop a flexible supply chain? How often will my product be required? Who will coordinate the supply chain? Getting your product to the right patient at the right time Flexible product Get the product delivered as bulk, bright stock in primary packaging, or as patient kits – the choice is yours Global supply We can ensure distribution of your product where it’s needed, anywhere in the world, when it’s needed Avoid stockpiling Delivered by bright stock inventory management and just-in-time (JIT) labeling and distribution – only ship product when it is required Protect API Protect precious active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) and drug product – develop a logistics strategy that reduces waste Leverage knowledge Access in-depth knowledge on best practice, from local rules and regulations, through to managing import and export licensing Drug pooling Benefit from flexibility in cross protocols through drug pooling – maximize flexibility by JIT labeling to allow distribution of drug product across multiple clinical protocols 2,000 drug products to more than 150 unique clinical sites Building an effective product supply strategy is vital for rapidly moving through clinical development. Quotient Sciences has supplied over 2,000 drug products to more than 150 unique clinical sites in hospitals and contract research organizations worldwide. Connect with us to learn how we can help support your global clinical trials. Contact Us Get in touch Humanity can't afford to wait, so neither can we. Contact Us Clinical Trial Manufacturing Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/
Pharmaceutical CDMO & CRO | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Everything we do for our customers is driven by an unswerving belief that ideas need to become solutions, molecules need to become cures, fast. Because humanity needs solutions, fast. Watch video Loading... About us I'm looking for: drug substance manufacturing drug substance manufacturing fully integrated drug development drug product manufacturing clinical pharmacology services support for my oncology program Go A trusted partner to help you change patients' lives Streamline your drug development outsourcing and get your therapy to patients, fast. Quotient Sciences is a trusted partner that can take your lead molecule from candidate selection, to first-in-human clinical testing, all the way through to commercial supply. Take a look at all we can do for you: Services We tailor our drug development, research, and manufacturing services to meet your needs. Explore Services Solutions Your challenges. Our solutions. We are committed to finding cures, and solutions, for our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. Discover Solutions Integrated Programs Discover our integrated programs that help shorten customers development timelines to get new therapies to patients. Faster. Integrated Programs Translational Pharmaceutics® Accelerates drug development by integrating drug substance, drug product and clinical testing. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our Manifesto Molecule to cure. Fast.™ Cutting through silos across a range of drug development capabilities, we save precious time and money in getting your new therapy to those in need. Learn more about who we are and how we can help you drive new breakthroughs. At A Glance Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Quotient Sciences announces major changes to its commercial and scientific executive leadership team, strengthening its position as a global leader in the sector. Read Announcement Latest News More News News & Announcements, Dr. Vanessa Zann, artificial intelligence Outsourcing Pharma interview with Dr. Vanessa Zann By: Dr. Vanessa Zann Read More News & Announcements, Interviews, Thierry Van Nieuwenhove, artificial intelligence Executive interview at DCAT with Life Sciences Knowledge Hub featuring Thierry Van Nieuwenhove Read More News & Announcements Quotient Sciences Strengthens Its Top Team with Three New Appointments Read More More News What We Do At Quotient Sciences, we have streamlined the drug development process by providing pre-formulation screening, formulation development & optimization , first-in-human trials, and clinical & commercial manufacturing services all at one CDMO , allowing us to support drug programs from candidate selection through commercial supply. Learn More Let's talk Humanity can't afford to wait. So, neither can we. Contact Us Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/resources/assessing-financial-impact-translational-pharmaceutics
Assessing the Financial Impact of Translational Pharmaceutics® | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Whitepaper , Translational Pharmaceutics , Drug Product Optimization Assessing the Financial Impact of Translational Pharmaceutics® 30 October 2019 Home Resources Assessing the Financial Impact of Translational Pharmaceutics® Overview Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development (CSDD) white paper sharing study results that indicate Quotient Sciences’ Translational Pharmaceutics® platform reduces development times by more than 12 months and lowers R&D costs by more than $100 million per approved new drug, compared to traditional multi-vendor development paradigms. Download Download Now Download Now: Assessing the Financial Impact of Translational Pharmaceutics® Date 30 October 2019 Share Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers


 
https://www.quotientsciences.com/news/nand-singh-contributes-recent-study-article-absorption-metabolism-and-excretion-opicapone?preview=1
Nand Singh Contributes to Recent Study Article, "Absorption, metabolism and excretion of opicapone in human healthy volunteers" | Quotient Sciences Skip to main content Utility navigation Blog News Events Locations Careers Volunteers Main navigation Contact About We are a global drug development and manufacturing accelerator. At A Glance We accelerate drug development. Our Manifesto Molecule to cure, fast. Customer Testimonials Earning customer trust. Our Heritage Over 30 years of experience. Diversity & Inclusion Learn about our DE&I journey. Awards & Achievements Recognition throughout the years. Our Board of Directors Meet our leadership team. Ask The Experts Meet our scientific experts. Locations Discover our global locations. Translational Pharmaceutics® Our flagship platform for accelerating drug development. Learn More Integrated Programs Turnkey solutions for shortening your development timelines, enabled by Translational Pharmaceutics® Candidate Development Selecting the right molecules for development. Early Development Accelerating molecules through the proof-of-concept. Late Development Accelerating products through to commercial manufacture. Translational Pharmaceutics® At any stage, our unique platform enables us to accelerate your drug development program. Learn More Services Individually tailored services to meet your needs. Drug Substance Route scouting, PR&D, small-scale GMP manufacture, DOE/QbD, isotopic labeling. Formulation Development Dosage forms, preformulation, solubilization, modified release, pediatrics. Clinical Trial Manufacturing Phase I-III clinical supplies, adaptive manufacturing, high-potency APIs. Commercial Manufacturing Tech transfer, scale-up, registration, and process validation. Clinical Pharmacology First-in-human, BA/BE, human ADME, pharmacy compounding, isotopic labeling. Bioanalysis Biotransformation, quantitative biological & chemical analysis, insulin analogues Data Sciences Data management, programming, statistics/PK, medical writing. Drug Development Consulting Scientific advice, developability assessment, program design. 14C Isotope Labeling Secure and rapid delivery of isotopically labeled materials. Solutions Solutions for your development phase and molecules. What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial What are your goals? Reach IND Faster Reach POC/NDA Faster Reach Commercialization Faster Save Time & Money By therapeutic area Oncology Orphan / Rare Diseases CNS / Neurology GI / Gastroenterology By specialized manufacturing need Pediatrics Solubility Enhancement Modified Release Peptides By development stage Preclinical Early: Phase I / IIa Late: Phase IIb / III Commercial Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Supporting oncology drug development from candidate selection to commercial supply. Learn More Resources Case Studies Unique insight into how we work successfully together with our customers. Info Sheets Innovative and insightful, our info sheets offer an overview of our services. On-Demand Webinars Covering an array of scientific topics, watch our experts webinars on-demand. Scientific Publications Published, original scientific articles written by our experts and reviewed by peers. Scientific Posters Access new scientific developments and breakthroughs via our scientific posters. Whitepapers Authoritative whitepapers highlighting our thoughts on critical drug development issues. Featured whitepaper Accelerating the development of oncology medicines Worldwide over 300 million people are living with identified rare diseases. This whitepaper ... Learn More Contact Home News Nand Singh Contributes to Recent Study Article, "Absorption, metabolism and excretion of opicapone in human healthy volunteers" Articles & Publications Nand Singh Contributes to Recent Study Article, "Absorption, metabolism and excretion of opicapone in human healthy volunteers" Nand Singh, Medical Director at Quotient Sciences, contributions to a bial study paper in the British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology, published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of British Pharmacological Society. This paper documents the study, absorption, metabolism and excretion of opicapone (2,5-dichloro-3-(5-[3,4-dihydroxy-5-nitrophenyl]-1,2,4-oxadiazol-3-yl)-4,6-dimethylpyridine 1-oxide), a selective catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitor. Aims: The absorption, metabolism and excretion of opicapone (2,5-dichloro3-(5-[3,4-dihydroxy-5-nitrophenyl]-1,2,4-oxadiazol-3-yl)-4,6-dimethylpyridine 1-oxide), a selective catechol-O-methyltransferase inhibitor, were investigated. Methods: Plasma, urine and faeces were collected from healthy male subjects following a single oral dose of 100 mg [14C]-opicapone. The mass balance of [ 14C]-opicapone and metabolic profile were evaluated. Results: The recovery of total administered radioactivity averaged >90% after 144 hours. Faeces were the major route of elimination, representing 70% of the administered dose; 5% and 20% were excreted in urine and expired air, respectively. The Cmax of total radioactivity matched that of unchanged opicapone, whereas the total radioactivity remained quantifiable for a longer period, attributed to the contribution of opicapone metabolites, involving primarily 3-O-sulfate conjugation (58.6% of total circulating radioactivity) at the nitrocatechol ring. Other circulating metabolites, accounting for <10% of the radioactivity exposure, were formed by glucuronidation, methylation, N-oxide reduction and gluthatione conjugation. Additionally, various other metabolites resulting from combinations with the opicapone N-oxide reduced form at the 2,5-dichloro-4,6-dimethylpyridine 1-oxide moiety, including nitro reduction and N-acetylation, reductive opening and cleavage of the 1,2,4-oxadiazole ring and the subsequent hydrolysis products were identified, but only in faeces, suggesting the involvement of gut bacteria. Conclusion: [14C]-opicapone was fully excreted through multiple metabolic pathways. The main route of excretion was in faeces, where opicapone may be further metabolized via reductive metabolism involving the 1,2,4-oxadiazole ring-opening and subsequent hydrolysis Read the article Share: Latest news Articles & Publications, Dr. Paul Quigley Outsourcing Pharma: Paul Quigley on going with the flow in drug substance manufacturing By: Dr. Paul Quigley Learn more Clinical Trials, Articles & Publications Nick McEntee: Getting Clinical Trial Materials Manufacturing Right - Contract Pharma By: Nick McEntee Learn more Articles & Publications, Eleanor Row 3 Key Trends Shaping Our Industry: Contract Pharma Thought Leadership Feature with Eleanor Row By: Eleanor Row Learn more Contact us Quotient Sciences UK +44 (0)115 974 9000 US +1 800 769 3518 Follow us Copyright © Quotient Sciences 2024 Quick Links Policies, Statements and Terms of Use Suppliers

